Blackjack Davey come a-riding on by, whistling aloud and merry,
Made the woods around him ring and he charmed the heart of a lady,
Charmed the heart of a lady.

“How old are you, my pretty, little miss? How old are you, my honey?”
She answered to him with a loving smile, “I'll be sixteen come Sunday,
Be sixteen come Sunday.”

“Come and go with me, my pretty, little miss, come and go with me, my honey.
Take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money,
Never will want for money.

“Pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of Spanish leather,
Get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together,
We'll both go off together.”

Well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of Spanish leather,
Got behind him on his horse and they rode off together,
They both rode off together.

That night, the boss came home inquiring about his lady.
The servant spoke before she thought, “She's been with Blackjack Davey,
Rode off with Blackjack Davey.”

“Well, saddle for me my coal-black stud, he's speedier than the gray.
I rode all day and I'll ride all night and I'll overtake my lady,
I'll bring back my lady.”

Well, he rode all night till the broad daylight till he came to a river raging
And there he spied his darling bride in the arms of Blackjack Davey,
Wrapped up with Blackjack Davey.

“Pull off, pull off them long, blue gloves all made of the finest leather,
Give to me your lily-white hand and we'll go home together,
We'll both go home together.”

Well, she pulled off them long, blue gloves all made of the finest leather,
Gave to him her lily-white hand and say good-bye forever,
Bid farewell forever.

“Would you forsake your house and home? Would you forsake your baby?
Would you forsake your husband too to go with Blackjack Davey,
Ride off with Blackjack Davey?”

“Well, I've forsaken my house and home and I'll forsake my baby,
I'll forsake my husband too for the love of Blackjack Davey,
Love my Blackjack Davey.

“Last night I slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby,
Tonight I lay on the river banks in the arms of Blackjack Davey,
Love my Blackjack Davey.”
