Just a minute 'fore you leave, girl,
Just a minute 'fore you touch the door.
What is it that you're trying to achieve, girl?
Do you think we can talk about it some more?
You know, the streets are filled with vipers
Who've lost all ray of hope,
You know, it's not even safe no more
In the palace of the Pope.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight.
Yesterday's just a memory,
Tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be,
And I need you, yeah.

Come over here from over there, girl.
Sit down here, you can have my chair.
I can't see us going anywhere, girl --
The only place open is a thousand miles away and I can't take you there.
I wish I'd have been a doctor,
Maybe I'd'a saved some life that been lost,
Maybe I'd'a done some good in the world
'Steada burning every bridge I crossed.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight.
Yesterday is just a memory,
Tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be,
And I need you, ah, yeah.

I ain't too good at conversation, girl,
So you might not know exactly how I feel.
But, if I could, I'd bring you to the mountain-top, girl,
And build you a house made outta stainless steel.
But it's like I'm stuck inside a painting
That's a-hanging in the Louvre –
My throat starts to tickle and my nose itches,
But I know that I can't move.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight.
Yesterday's gone, but the past live on,
Tomorrow's just one step beyond,
And I need you, ah.

Who are these people that are walking towards you?
Do you know them or will there be a fight?
With their humorless smile so easy to see through,
Can they tell you what's wrong from what's right?
Or do you remember St. James Street,
Where you blew Jackie P.'s mind?
You were so fine Clark Gable would have fell at your feet
And laid his life on the line.

Let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl,
No more booby traps and bombs, no more decadence and charm,
No more affection that's misplaced, girl,
No more mudcake creatures lying in your arms.
What about that millionaire
With the drumsticks in his pants?
He looked so baffled and so bewildered
When he played and we didn't dance.

Don't fall apart on me tonight,
I just don't think that I could handle it.
Don't fall apart on me tonight.
Yesterday's just a memory,
Tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be,
And I need you, yeah, you, ah, I need you.
