Like the lion tears the flesh off of a man,
So can a woman who passes herself off as a male.
They sang “Danny Boy” at his funeral and the Lord's Prayer,
The preacher talked 'bout Christ's betrayal,
It's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up,
He reached too high, was thrown back to the ground.
You know what they say about being nice to the right people on the way up,
Sooner or later you're gonna meet them coming down.
Yeah, there ain't no going back,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.

He got a brother named James, don't forget faces or names,
Sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed.
He look straight into the sun and say, “Revenge is mine, huh?”
But he drinks and drinks can be fixed.
Sing me one more song about your love into the morning, stranger,
And your fall-by-the-sword love affair with Errol Flynn.
In these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion,
Say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.
Well, there ain't no going back,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.

There's a retired businessman named Red,
Cast down from heaven and he's out of his head,
He feeds off of everyone that a-he can touch.
He said that he only deals in cash, would sell tickets to a plane crash,
Not somebody that you play around with much.
Ms. Delilah is his, a Philistine is what she is,
She'll do wondrous a-works with your fate,
Feed you coconut bread, spice buns in bed,
If you don't mind sleeping with your head face-down in a plate.
Well, there ain't no going back,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.

Well, they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight,
You'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors,
How to enter into the gates of paradise, no,
How to carry a burden too heavy to be yours.
Yeah, from the stage they'll be trying to get water outta rocks,
A whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand, and say thanks.
They like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in,
Sing “Amazing Grace” all the way to the Swiss banks.
Well, there ain't no going back,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.

They got some beautiful people out there, man,
They can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue.
They got mystery written all over their forehead,
They kill babies in the crib and say, “Only the good die young.”
They don't believe in mercy,
Judgment on them is something that you'll never see,
They can exalt you up or bring you down bankrupt,
Turn you into anything that they want you to be.
Well, there ain't no going back
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.

Yes, I guess I loved him too, I can still see him in my mind climbing that hill.
Did he make it to the top? Well, he probably did and dropped,
Struck down by the strength of the will.
Ain't nothing left here, partner,
Just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid.
From now on this'll be where you're from,
Let the dead bury the dead, your time will come,
Let hot iron blow as you raise the shade.
Ain't no going back,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back,
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
