Frog went a-courting and a-he did ride, uh-huh,
Frog went a-courting and a-he did ride, uh-huh,
Frog went a-courting and a-he did ride
With a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.

Well, he rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door, uh-huh,
He rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door, uh-huh,
He rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door,
Gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh,

Said, “Ms. Mouse, be you within?” Uh-huh.
Said he, “Ms. Mouse, are you within?” Uh-huh.
Said, “Ms. Mouse, are you within?”
“Yes, kind sir, I sit and spin.” Uh-huh.

He took Ms. Mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
Took Ms. Mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
Took Ms. Mousey on his knee,
Said, “Ms. Mousey, will you marry me?” Uh-huh.

“Without my uncle Rat's consent,” – uh-huh,
“Without my uncle Rat's consent,” – uh-huh,
“Without my uncle Rat's consent,
I wouldn't marry the president.” Uh-huh.

Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh,
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh,
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides
To think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.

Uncle went riding, trip downtown**1**, uh-huh,
Uncle Rat went running downtown, uh-huh,
Uncle Rat went running downtown
To buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh.

“Where shall the wedding supper be?” Uh-huh,
“Where shall the wedding supper be?” Uh-huh,
“Where shall the wedding supper be?”
“Way down yonder in the hollow tree.” Uh-huh.

“What should the wedding supper be?” Uh-huh,
“What should the wedding supper be?” Uh-huh,
“What should the wedding supper be?”
“Fried mosquito in a black-eyed pea.” Uh-huh.

Well, first to come in was the flying moth, uh-huh,
First to come in was the flying moth, uh-huh,
First to come in was the flying moth,
She laid out the tablecloth, uh-huh.

Next to come in was the Juney bug, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the Juney bug, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the Juney bug,
She brought the water jug, uh-huh.

Next to come in was the bumbly bee, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the bumbly bee, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the bumbly bee,
Set mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.

Next to come in was a broken-back flea, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a broken, black flea, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a broken, black flea,
Danced a jig with the bumbly bee, uh-huh.

Next to come in was Mrs. Cow, uh-huh,
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow, uh-huh,
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow,
She tried to dance, but she didn't know how, uh-huh.

Next to come in was a little, black tick, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a little, black tick, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a little, black tick,
She ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.

Next to come in was a big, black snake, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a big, black snake, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a big, black snake,
Ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.

Next to come in was the old, gray cat, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the old, gray cat, uh-huh,
Next to come in was the old, gray cat,
Swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.

Mr. Frog went a-hopping up over the brook, uh-huh,
Mr. Frog went a-hopping up over the brook, uh-huh,
Mr. Frog went a-hopping up over the brook,
A lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.

A little piece of cornbread a-laying on a shelf, uh-huh,
A little piece of cornbread laying on the shelf, uh-huh,
A little piece of cornbread laying on the shelf.
If you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.

**1** This line seems to be unlike the others that follow it, although I'm not sure what it is exactly that Dylan says. I believe that the verb here is “riding” instead of “running”, as in the other lines. It might be “Uncle [Rat] went riding” instead of “Uncle Rat [went] riding”. However, due to the similarities between “Rat” and “went”, it is difficult to say which it is that Dylan omits.
