High water rising, rising night and day,
All the gold and silver being stolen away,
Big Joe Turner looking east and west from the dark room of his mind,
He made it to Kansas City, Twelfth Street and Vine.
Nothing standing there, high water everywhere.

High water rising, the shacks are sliding down,
Folks lose their possessions, the folks are leaving town.
Bertha Mason shook it, broke it, then she hung it on a wall,
Say “You're dancing with whom they tell you to or you don't dance at all!”
It's tough out there, high water everywhere.

I got a craving love for blazing speed, got a hopped-up Mustang Ford,
Jump into the wagon, love, throw your panties overboard.
I can write you poems, make a strong man lose his mind,
I'm no pig without a wig, I hope you treat me kind.
Things are breaking up out there, high water everywhere.

High water rising, six inches 'bove my head,
Coffins dropping in the street like balloons made out of lead,
Water pouring into Vicksburg, don't know what I'm gonna do.
“Don't reach out for me,” she said, “Can't you see I'm drowning too?”
It's rough out there, high water everywhere.

Well, George Lewis told the Englishman, the Italian, and the Jew,
“You can't open up your mind, boys, to every conceivable point of view.”
They got Charles Darwin trapped out there on Highway Five,
Judge says to the High Sheriff, “I want him dead or alive.
Either one, I don't care.” High water everywhere.

Well, the Cuckoo is a pretty bird, she warbles as she flies,
I'm preaching the word of God, I'm putting out your eyes.
I asked Fat Nancy for something to eat, she said, “Take it off the shelf.
As great as you are a man, you'll never be greater than yourself.”
I told her I didn't really care, high water everywhere.

I'm getting up in the morning, I believe I'll dust my broom,
Keeping away from the women, I'm giving 'em a-lots of room.
Thunder rolling over Clarksdale, everything looking blue,
I just can't be happy, love, unless you're happy too.
It's bad out there, high water everywhere.
