Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press,
Whoever it is, I wish they'd cut it out, but when they will I can only guess.
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy,
She inherited a million bucks and, when she died, it came to me –
I can't help it if I'm lucky.

People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act,
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images, and distorted facts.
Even you, yesterday, you had to ask me where it was at,
I couldn't believe after all these years you didn't know me any better than that,
Sweet lady.

Idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth,
Going down the back roads, heading south,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

Eyed through the <i>I Ching</i> yesterday, it said there'd be some thunder at the whelm,
I haven't tasted peace and quiet for so long it seems like living hell.
There's a lone soldier on the hill, watching 'fore them raindrops pour,
You'd never know it to look at him, but in the final shot he won the war
After losing every battle.

I woke up on the roadside daydreaming about the way things sometimes are,
Hoof-beats pounding in my head at breakneck speed and making me see stars.
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies,
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzing around your eyes,
Blood on your saddle.

Idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb,
Blowing through the curtains in your room,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

It was gravity which pulled us in and destiny which broke us apart,
You tamed the lion in my cage, but it just a-wasn't enough to change my heart.
Now everything's a little upside down – as a matter of fact, the wheels've stopped,
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you find out when you reach the top
You're on the bottom.

I noticed at the ceremony that you left your bags behind,
The driver came in after you left, he gave 'em all to me and then he resigned.
The priest wore black on the seventh day and waltzed around while the building burned,
You didn't trust me for a minute, babe, I've never known the spring to turn
So quickly into autumn.

Idiot wind blowing every time you move your jaw,
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Mardi Gras,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

We pushed each other a little too far and one day it just turned into a raging storm,
A hound dog bayed beyond your trees as I was packing up my uniform.
Oh, I figured I'd lost you anyway. Why go on? What's the use?
In order to get in a word with you, I'd a-have to come up with some excuse,
That just struck me kinda funny.

I been double-crossed too much, at times I think I've almost lost my mind,
Lady-killers load dice on me behind my back while imitators steal me blind.
You close your eyes and part your lips and slip your fingers from your glove,
You can have the best there is, but it's gonna cost you all your love,
You won't get it for money.

Idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coats,
Blowing through the letters that we wrote,
Idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves,
We're idiots, babe, it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.
