Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press,
Whoever it is, I wish they'd cut it out quick, but when they will I can only guess.
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy,
She inherited a million bucks and, when she died, it came to me –
I can't help it if I'm lucky.

People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act,
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images, and distorted facts.
Even you, yesterday, you had to ask me where it was at,
I couldn't believe after all these years you didn't know me any better than that,
Sweet lady.

Idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth,
Blowing down the backroads, heading south,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike,
I haven't known peace and quiet for so long I can't remember what it's like.
There's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pouring out of a boxcar door,
You didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the war
After losing every battle.

I woke up on the roadside daydreaming 'bout the way things sometimes are,
Visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are making me see stars.
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies,
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzing around your eyes,
Blood on your saddle.

Idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb,
Blowing through the curtains in your room,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

It was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart,
You tamed the lion in my cage, but it just a-wasn't enough to change my heart.
Now everything's a little upside down – as a matter of fact, the wheels have stopped,
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you find out when you reach the top
You're on the bottom.

I noticed at the ceremony your corrupt ways had finally made you blind,
I can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine.
The priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building burned,
I waited for you on the running boards near the cypress tree while the springtime turned
Slowly into autumn.

Idiot wind blowing like a circle around my skull,
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Capitol,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.

I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the books you've read,
Every time I crawl past your door, I been wishing I've been somebody else instead.
Down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy,
I followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory
And all your raging glory.

I been double-crossed now for the very last time and now I'm finally free,
I kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me.
You'll never know the hurt I've suffered, nor the pain I'd rise above
And I'll never know the same about you, your holiness, or your kind of love
And it makes me feel so sorry.

Idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coat,
Blowing through the letters that we wrote,
Idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves,
We're idiots, babe, it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.
