<i>Here's a song about marriage. This is called “Isis”. This is for a man if he's still here.</i>

I married Isis on the fifth day of May,
But I could not hold on to her very long,
So I cut off my hair and I rode straight away
For the wild, unknown country where I could not go wrong.

I came to a high place of darkness and light,
The dividing line ran through the center of town,
I hitched up my pony to a post on the right,
Went in to a laundry to wash my clothes down.

A man in the corner approached me for a match,
I knew right away he was not ordinary,
He said, “Are you looking for something easy to catch?”
I said, “I got no money, man.” He said, “That ain't necessary.”

We set out that night for the cold in the north,
I gave him my blanket and he gave me his word,
I said, “Where we going?” He said we'd be back by the fourth.
I said, “That's the best news that I've ever heard.”

I was thinking 'bout turquoise, I was thinking 'bout gold,
Thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace,
As we rode through the canyons, through the devilish cold,
I was thinking 'bout Isis, how she thought I was so reckless.

She told me, though, that one day we would meet up again,
Things would be different the next time we wed
If only could hang on and just be her friend –
I still can't remember all the best things she said.

We came to the pyramids all embedded in ice,
He said, “There's a body I'm a-trying to find.
If I carry it out, it'll bring a good price.”
'Twas then that I knew what he had on his mind.

Well, the wind, it was howling and the snow was outrageous,
We chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn.
When he died, I was hoping that it wasn't contagious,
But I made up my mind that I had to get on.

I broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty,
There was no jewels, no nothing! I felt I'd been had
When**1** I saw that my partner, he was just being friendly,
When I picked up his offer, Lord, musta been mad.

I picked up his body and I dragged him inside,
Threw him down in the hole, I put back the cover.
I said a quick prayer just to feel satisfied,
Then I went back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.

She was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise,
Blinded by sleep and in need of a bed.
I came in from the east with the sun in my eyes,
I cursed her one time, then I rode on ahead.

She said, “Where you been?” I said, “No place special.”
She said, “You look different.” I said, “Well, I guess.”
She said, “You been gone.” I said, “That's only natural.”
She said, “You gonna stay?” I said, “If you want me to, yes!”

Isis, oh, Isis, you're a mystical child,
What drives me to you is what drives me insane,
I still can remember the way that you smiled
On the fifth day of May in the drizzling rain.

**1** "When" sounds a bit awkward here in terms of the meaning of the line, but I believe that it means something like "but then" in this context.
