I married Isis on the fifth day of May,
But I could not hold on to her very long,
So I cut off a-my hair and I rode straight away
For the wild, unknown country where I could not go wrong.

I came to a high place of darkness and light,
Dividing line ran through the center of town,
I hitched up my pony to a post on the right,
Went in to the laundry to wash my clothes down.

A man in the corner approached me for a match,
I knew right away he was not ordinary,
He said, “Are you looking for something easy to catch?”
Said, “I got no money.” He said, “That ain't necessary.”

We set out that night for the cold in the North,
I gave him my blanket and he gave me his word,
I said, “Where are we going?” He said we'd be back by the fourth.
I said, “That's the best news that I've ever heard.”

I was thinking about turquoise, I was thinking about gold,
I was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace,
As we rode through the canyons, through the devilish cold,
I was thinking about Isis, how she thought I was so reckless,

How she told me that one day we would meet up again
And things would be different the next time we wed
If I only could a-hang on and just be her friend –
I still can't remember all the best things she said.

We came to the pyramids all embedded in ice,
He said, “There's a body I'm trying to find:
If I carry it out, it'll bring a good price” –
'Twas a-then that I knew what he had on his mind.

The wind, it was howling and the snow was outrageous,
We chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn,
When he died, I was hoping that it wasn't contagious,
But I made up my mind that I had to go on.

I broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty.
There was no jewels, no nothing! I felt I've been had.
When**1** I saw that my partner was just being friendly –
When I took up his offer, I must've been mad.

I picked up his body and I dragged him inside,
Threw him down in the hole and I put back the cover,
I said a quick prayer and I felt satisfied,
Then I rode back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.

She was there in the meadow, where the creek used to rise,
Blinded by sleep and in need of a bed.
I came in from the east with the sun in my eyes,
I cursed her one time, then I rode on ahead.

She said, “Where you been?” I said, “No place special.”
She said, “You look a-different.” I said, “Well, I guess.”
She said, “You been gone.” I said, “That's only natural.”
She said, “You gonna stay?” I said, “If you want me to, yes!”

Isis, oh, Isis, you're a mystical child,
What drives a-me to you is what drives me insane,
I still can remember the way that you smiled
On the fifth day of May in the drizzling a-rain.

**1** "When" sounds a bit awkward here in terms of the meaning of the line, but I believe that it means something like "but then" in this context.
