The festival was over and the boys were all planning for a fall,
The cabaret was quiet except for the drilling in the wall,
The curfew had been lifted and the gambling wheel shut down,
Anyone with any sense had already left town;
He was standing in the doorway, looking like the jack of hearts.

He moved across the mirrored room, “Set it up for everyone,” he said,
Then everyone commenced to do what they were doing before he turned their heads,
And he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin,
“Could you kindly tell me, friend, what time the show begins?”
Then he moved into the corner, face down like the jack of hearts.

Backstage the girls were playing five-card stud by the stairs,
Lily had two queens, she was hoping for a third to match her pair.
Outside the streets were filling up, the window was open wide,
A gentle breeze was blowing – you could feel it from inside,
Lily called another bet and drew up the jack of hearts.

Big Jim was no one's fool, he owned the town's only diamond mine,
He made his usual entrance, looking so dandy and so fine.
With his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place,
He took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste,
But his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the jack of hearts.

Rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town,
She slipped in through the side door, looking like a queen without a crown.
She fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear,
“Sorry, darling, that I'm late,” but he didn't seem to hear:
He was staring into space over at the jack of hearts.

<i>I know I've seen that face somewhere</i>, Big Jim was thinking to himself,
<i>Maybe down in Mexico or a picture upon somebody's shelf</i>.
But then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the house lights a-did dim
And in the darkness of the room there was only Jim and him,
Staring at the butterfly, who just drew the jack of hearts.

Lily was a princess, she was fair-skinned and precious as a child,
She did whatever she had to do, she had that certain flash every time she smiled.
She had come away from a broken home, had lots of strange affairs
With men in every walk of life, which took her everywhere,
But she'd never met anyone quite like the jack of hearts.

The hanging judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined,
The drilling in the wall kept up, but no one seemed to pay it any mind.
It was known all around that Lily had Jim's ring
And nothing would ever come between Lily and the king –
No, nothing ever would, except maybe the jack of hearts.

Rosemary started drinking hard and seeing her reflection in the knife,
She was tired of the attention, tired of playing the role of Big Jim's wife.
She had done a lot of bad things, even once tried suicide,
Was looking to do just one good deed before she died –
She was gazing to the future, riding on the jack of hearts.

Lily took her dress off, buried it away,
“Has your luck run out?” she laughed at him, “Well, I guess you musta known it would someday.
Be careful not to touch the wall – there's a brand-new coat of paint,
I'm glad to see you're still alive, you're looking like a saint.”
Down the hallway footsteps were coming for the jack of hearts.

The backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair,
“There's something funny going on,” he said, “I can just feel it in the air.”
He went to get the hanging judge, but the hanging judge a-was drunk,
As the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk –
There was no actor anywhere better than the jack of hearts.

No one knew the circumstance, but they say that it happened pretty quick:
The door to the dressing room burst open and a Colt revolver clicked
And Big Jim was standing there – you couldn't say – surprised,
Rosemary right beside him, steady in her eyes –
She was with Big Jim, but she was leaning to the jack of hearts.

Two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall
And cleaned out the bank safe – it's said they got off with quite a haul.
In the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground
For one more member, who had business back in town,
For they couldn't go no further without the jack of hearts.

The next day was hanging day, the sky was overcast and black,
Big Jim lay covered up, killed by a penknife in the back,
And Rosemary on the gallows, she didn't even blink,
The hanging judge a-was sober, he hadn't had a drink,
The only person on the scene missing was the jack of hearts.

The cabaret was empty now, a sign said “Closed for Repair”,
Lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair.
She was thinking 'bout her father, who she very rarely saw,
Thinking 'bout Rosemary and thinking about the law,
But most of all she was thinking 'bout the jack of hearts.
