Well, today's been a sad, old, lonesome day,
Yeah, today's been a sad, old, lonesome day,
I'm just sitting here thinking with my mind a million miles away.

Well, they're doing the double shuffle, throwing sand on the floor,
They're doing the double shuffle, they're throwing sand on the floor,
When I left my long-time darling, she was standing in the door.

Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war,
Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war,
My sister, she ran off and got married, never was heard of anymore.

Samantha Brown lived in my house for about four or five months,
Samantha Brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months,
Don't know how it looked to other people, I never slept with her even once.

Well, the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast,
Yeah, the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast,
Funny how the things you have the hardest time parting with are the things you need the least.

Well, I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive,
I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive,
Setting my dial on the radio, I wish my mother was still alive.

I seen your lover man coming, coming 'cross the barren field,
I see your lover man coming, coming 'cross the barren field,
He not a gentleman at all, he rotten to the core, he's a coward, and he steals.

Well, my captain, he's decorated, he's well schooled, and he's skilled,
My captain, he's decorated, he's well schooled, and he's skilled,
He's not sentimental, don't bother him at all how many of his pals have been killed.

Last night the wind was whispering, I was trying to make out what it was,
Last night the wind was whispering something, I's trying to make out what it was,
Yeah, I tell myself something's coming, but it never does.

I'm gonna spare the defeated, I'm gonna speak to the crowd,
I'm gonna spare the defeated, boys, I'm going to speak to the crowd,
I'm gon' to teach peace to the conquered, I'm gonna tame the proud.

Well, the leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off of the shelf,
Leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off the shelf,
You're gonna need my help, sweetheart, you can't make love all by yourself.
