I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more,
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
Well, I wake up in the morning, fold my hands and pray for rain,
Got a head full of ideas driving me insane,
It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor, ohh!
No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.
He hands you a nickel, then he hands you a dime,
Asks you with a grin, “Are you having a good time?”
Then he fines you every time you slam the door, ohh!
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.

Ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.
He hands––out**1** in your face for kicks,
His bedroom window, it's a-made outta bricks.
The National Guard stands around his door, ohh!
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more.
She talks to all the servants about man and God and law,
Everybody tells me she's the brains behind pa.
68, but says she's 24, ohh!
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.

I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more,
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
I try my best to be like I am,
Everybody wants you to be like them,
They say "Sing!" while you slave -- I get bored, whoa-ohh!**2**
Said I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.

**1** With the previous verse fresh in memory, Dylan probably starts off the line with “He hands...” by accident and then he mutters some unintelligible words (one of which sounds like “cigar” or “cigarette”) until he gets back on track. The line from the original album version is: “Well, he puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks”.
**2** After the music has come to a stop following this line and just before Dylan sings the last line, he seems to say something like “a'ight” (contraction of alright) or possibly “what” in such a way that it's not directly spoken/sung into the microphone, which makes me think that it might have been part of an exchange with someone onstage or in the crowd, especially since it comes between the lines and at a stop in the music.
