Maybe someday you'll be satisfied,
When you've lost everything, you'll have nothing left to hide,
When you're through running over things like you're walking 'cross the tracks,
Maybe you'll beg me like a dog to take you back.
Maybe someday you'll find out everybody's somebody's fool,
Maybe, then, you'll realize what it would've taken to keep me cool.
Maybe someday, when you're by yourself, alone,
You'll know the love that I had for you was never my own.

Maybe someday you'll have nowhere to turn,
You'll look back and wonder 'bout the bridges you have burned,
You'll look back sometime when the lights grow dim
And you'll see you look much better with me than you do with him.
Through hostile cities and unfriendly towns,
Thirty pieces of silver, no money down.
Maybe someday you will understand
That something for nothing is everybody's plan.

Maybe someday you'll remember what you felt
When there was blood on the moon, in the cotton belt.
When both of us, baby, were going though some kind of a test,
Either one of us could do what we do best.
I should have known better, baby, I should have called your bluff,
I guess I was too off the handle, not sentimental enough.
Maybe someday you'll believe me when I say
That I wanted you, baby, in every kind of way.

Maybe someday you'll hear a voice from on high,
Saying, “For whose sake did you live? For whose sake did you die?”
Forgive me, baby, for what I didn't do,
For not breaking down no bedroom door to get at you.
Always was a sucker for the right cross,
Never wanted to go home till the last cent was lost.
Maybe someday you will look back and see
That I made it so easy for you to follow me.

Maybe someday there'll be nothing to tell,
But I'm just as happy as you, baby, I just can't say it so well.
Never slumbered or slept or waited for lightning to strike,
There's no excuse for you to say that we don't think alike.
You said you were going to Frisco, stay a couple of months –
I always liked San Francisco, I was there for a party once.
Maybe someday you'll see that it's true,
There was no greater love than what I had for you.
