Well, the neighborhood bully, he's just one man,
His enemies say he's on their land.
They got him outnumbered 'bout a million to one,
He got no place to 'scape to, no place to run.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Neighborhood bully, he just lives to survive,
He's criticized and condemned for being alive,
Not supposed to fight back and have thick skin,
Supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Neighborhood bully, been driven out of every land,
He's wandered the earth an exiled man,
Seen his family scattered, people hounded and torn,
He's always on trial for just being born.
He's the neighborhood bully.

When he knocked out a lynch mob, he was criticized,
Old women condemned him, said he should apologize.
Then he destroyed a bomb factory, he––nobody was glad.
The bombs were meant for him, he was supposed to feel bad.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, the chance is against it and the odds are slim
That he'll live by the rules that the world makes for him.
There's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back
And a license to kill him given out to every maniac.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he got no allies to really speak of,
What he gets he must pay for – he don't get it out of love.
He buys obsolete weapons and he won't be denied,
But no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Well, he's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace,
They pray for it nightly that the bloodshed will cease,
And they wouldn't hurt a fly – to hurt one, they would weep,
They lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Every empire that's enslaved him is gone –
Egypt and Rome, even the great Babylon.
He's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand,
In bed with nobody, under no one's command.
He's the neighborhood bully.

Now, his holiest books have been trampled upon,
No contract he signed was worth what was it written on.
He took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth,
Took sickness and disease and he turned it into health.
He's the neighborhood bully.

What's anybody indebted to him for?
"Nothing," they say, "He just like to cause war."
It's pride, and prejudice, and superstition, indeed,
They wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed.
Neighborhood bully.

What has he done to wear so many scars?
Does he change the course of rivers?
Does he pollute the moon and stars?
Neighborhood bully, standing on a hill,
Running out the clock, time standing still.
Neighborhood bully.
