Your pawnbroker roared and also so did the landlord.
The scene is so crazy, wasn't it?
Both were so glad to watch me destroy what I had,
Pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
Why didn't you just leave me if you didn't want to stay?
Why'd you have to treat me so bad? Did it have to be that way?
Now you stand here expecting me to remember something you forgot to say.
Yes, and you, I see you're still with her. Well,
That's fine, but she's coming on so strange, can't you tell?
Somebody better explain, she's got her iron chain,
I'd do it, but I–I just can't remember how.
You talk to her, she's your lover now.

Oh, I already assumed that we're in the felony room,
But I ain't the judge, you don't have to be nice to me.
Will you please tell that to your friend in the cowboy hat?
You know, he keeps on saying everything twice to me.
You know I was straight with you, you know I never tried to change you in any way,
You know, if you didn't wanna be with me, that you didn't have to stay.
Now you stand here saying you forgive and forget. Honey, what can I say?
Yes, and you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays. Can't you reach?
I see you kiss her on the cheek every time she gives a speech.
With her picture books of the pyramid and her postcards of Billy the Kid,
Must everybody bow?
You better talk to her about it, you're her lover now.

Oh, everybody that cares is going up the castle-stairs,
But I'm not up in the castle, a-honey.
It's true, I just can't recall San Francisco at all,
I can't even remember El Paso, a-honey.
Never had to be faithful, I never wanted you to grieve.
Why was it so hard for you, if you didn't wanna be with me, just to leave?
Now you stand here, why are your fingers going up my sleeve?
And you, just what do you do anyway? Ain't there nothing you can say?
She'll be standing on the bar soon with a fish-head and a harpoon
And a fake beard plastered on her brow.
You'd better do something quick, she's your lover now.

Oh, why must I fall into the sadness? Do I look like Charles Atlas?
Do you think I still got what you still got, baby?
My voice is really warm, it's just that it ain't got no form,
But it's just like a dead man's last pistol shot, baby.
Oh, your mouth used to be so naked, your eyes used to be blue,
Your hurts used to be so nameless and your tears used to be so few.
Now your mouth cries wolf while your––**1**
<i>What?</i>

**1** Here the song suddenly stops and it's difficult to hear exactly what Dylan's last words are or are going to be. Before the recording cuts off, Dylan asks “What?”
