Summer days, summer nights are gone,
Summer days and the summer nights are gone,
I know a place where there's still something going on.

I got a house on a hill, I got hogs out in the mud,
I got a house on the hill, I got hogs all out in the mud,
I got a long-haired woman, she got royal Indian blood.

Everybody, get ready, lift up your glasses and sing,
Everybody, get ready to lift up your glasses and sing,
Well, I'm standing on the table, I'm proposing a toast to the king.

Well, I'm driving in the flats in a Cadillac car,
The girls all say, “You're a worn-out star.”
My pockets are loaded and I'm spending every dime.
How can you say you love someone else? You know it's me all the time.

Well, the fog's so thick you can't spy the land,
The fog is so thick that you can't even spy the land.
What good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman?

Wedding bells're ringing, the choir is beginning to sing,
Yes, the wedding bells're ringing and the choir's beginning to sing,
What look good in the day at night is another thing.

She's looking into my eyes, she's a-holding my hand,
She looking into my eyes, she's holding my hand,
She say, “You can't repeat the past.” I say, “You can't? 
What do you mean you can't? Of course you can.”

Where do you come from? Where do you go?
Sorry, that's a-nothing you would need to know.
Well, my back's been to the wall so long it seem like it's stuck.
Why don't you break my heart one more time just for good luck?

I got eight carburetors, boys, I'm using 'em all.
Well, I got eight carburetors and, boys, I'm using 'em all,
I'm short on gas, my motor's starting to stall.

My dogs are barking, there must be someone around,
My dogs are barking, there's must be someone around,
I got my hammer ringing, pretty baby, but the nails ain't going down.

You got something to say, speak or hold your peace,
Well, you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace,
If it's information you want, you can get it from the police.

Politician's got on his jogging shoes,
He must be running for office, got no time to lose.
He's sucking the blood out of the genius of generosity,
You been rolling your eyes, you been teasing me.

Standing by God's river, my soul beginning to shake,
Standing by God's river, my soul's beginning to shake,
I'm counting on you, love, to give me a break.

Well, I'm leaving in the morning as soon as the dark clouds lift,
Yes, I'm leaving in the morning just as soon as the dark clouds lift,
Gonna break in the roof, set fire to the place as a parting gift.

Summer days, summer nights are gone,
Summer days, summer nights are gone,
I know a place where there's still something going on.
