One time ago a crazy dream came to me,
I dreamt I was walking in World War III.
Went to the doctor the very next day
To see what kinda words he could say.
Said it was a bad dream.
“I wouldn't worry 'bout it none, though. Them old dreams are only in your head.”

I said, “Hold it, doc, a World War passed through my brain!”
He said, “Nurse, get your pad, the boy's insane!”
He grabbed my arm, I said “Ouch!”
As I landed on the psychiatric**1** couch.
He said, “Tell me about it.”

“Well, the whole thing started at three o'clock fast,
It was all over by a quarter past.
I was down in the sewer with some little lover
When I peeked out from a manhole cover,
Wondering who turned the lights on us.

“Well, I got up and I walked around,
Up and down the lonesome town.
I stood wondering which way to go.
I lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road.
It was a normal day.

“Well, I rung the fallout shelter bell
And I leaned my head and I give a yell:
‘Give me a string bean! I'm a hungry man!'
Shotgun fired and away I ran.
I don't blame him too much, though. He didn't know me.

“Down the corner by the hot dog stand,
I seen a man.
I said, ‘Howdy, friend, I guess it's just us two.'
He screamed a bit and away he flew.
Thought I was a communist.

“Well, I spied me a girl and, before she could leave,
I said, ‘Let's go and play Adam and Eve.'
Took her by the hand and my heart was thumping,
She said, ‘Hey, man, you crazy or something?
You seen what happened last time they started.'

“Well, I seen your Cadillac window up-town.
There was nobody around.
I got into the driver's seat
And I drove down Forty-second Street,
In my Cadillac.
Good car to drive, after a war.

“Well, I remember seeing some ad
So I turned on my Conelrad.
But I didn't pay the Con Ed bill
So the radio didn't work so well.
Turned on my record player.
It was Rock-A-Day Johnny singing,
‘Tell your ma, tell your pa,
Our loves are gonna grow, ooh-wah, ooh-wah.'

“I was feeling kinda lonesome and blue,
I needed somebody to talk to.
So, I called up the operator of time
Just to hear a voice of some kind.
‘When you hear the beep it will be three o'clock.'
She said that for over an hour and I hung up.”

Well, the doctor interrupted me just about then,
Saying, “Hey, I've been having the same old dreams.
But mine was a little different, you see.
I dreamt the only person left after the war was me.
I didn't see you around.”

Well, now, time passed and now it seems
Everybody's having them dreams.
Everybody sees hisself
Walking around with no one else.
“Half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time, but all the people can't be all right all of the time.”
I think Abraham Lincoln said that.
“I'll let you be in my dream if I can be in yours.”
I said that.

**1** Dylan pronounces this word in an odd manner, as if it were something like “sopiatric”.
