We carried you in our arms on Independence Day
And now you'd throw us all aside and put us on our way.
Oh, what dear daughter would––'neath the sun––would treat her father so?
To wait upon him hand and foot, yet always answer “no”?
Tears of rage, tears of grief, why I'm always the one who must feel a thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone and life is brief.

It was all pointed out, the way to go, and scratched your name in sand,**1**
Though you just thought that it was nothing more than a place for you to stand.
Now, I want you to know that, while you watched––discover that there was no one true,**2**
That I myself really thought it was just a childish thing to do.
Tears of rage, tears of grief, why am I always the one who must feel the thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone and life is brief.

It was all very, very painless when you ran out to receive
All that false instruction, which we never could believe,
And now the heart is filled with gold as if it was a purse,
But, oh, what kind of love is this, which goes from bad to worse?
Tears of rage, tears of grief, why am I always the one who must feel the thief?
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone and life is brief.

**1** The grammar of this line goes awry because of two different syntactic structures being forced together. According to other lyrics sources (some of which contain lyrics that are wholly rewritten), the line is as follows: “We pointed out the way to go / And scratched your name in sand...”. Obviously, this is not a mistake of transcription, but the thing to be noticed is that the syntactic structure in this version is different from the first part of the line in the actual recording: "We pointed out the way to go" vs. "It was all pointed out, the way to go". Yet the second part of the line from the recording follows the structure from this other version of the lyrics perfectly.
**2** Here seemingly is another example of the situation in the footnote above: it seems that an earlier version of a line's structure is partially retained in a new version of the line, but the meaning of the line is mangled because the structures are not compatible. Other sources transcribe the line as follows: "Now, I want you to know that while we watched / You discover there was no one true...". In the actual recording, "while we watched" becomes "while you watched" (or maybe even "while you were watched", which would be closer to the original meaning), so there's no direct object of <i>watch</i> and therefore the "discover that there was no one true" phrase has no subject.
