William Zantzinger killed poor Hattie Carroll
With a cane that he twirled 'round his diamond ring finger
At a Baltimore hotel society gathering
And the cops was called in and his weapon took from him
As they rode him in custody down to the station
And booked William Zantzinger for first-degree murder.
But, you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
Take the rag away from your face! Now ain't the time for your tears.

William Zantzinger, who at twenty-four years
Owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres,
With rich, wealthy parents who provide and protect him
And high office relations in the politics of Maryland,
Reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders
And swear-words and sneering and his tongue, it was snarling
And, in a matter of minutes, on bail was out walking.
But, you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fears,
Take the rag away from your face! Now ain't the time for your tears.

Hattie Carroll was a maid in the kitchen,
She was fifty-one years old and gave birth to ten children,
Who carried the dishes and took out the garbage
And never sat once at the head of the table
And didn't even talk to the people at the table,
Who just cleaned up all the food from the table
And emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level,
Got killed by a blow, lay slain by a cane
That sailed through the air and came down through the room,
Doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle,
And she never done nothing to William Zantzinger.
And, you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
Take the rag away from your face! Now ain't the time for your tears.

In the courtroom of honor the judge pounded his gavel
To show that all's equal and that the courts are on the level
And that the strings in the books ain't pulled and persuaded
And that even the nobles get properly handled
Once that the cops have chased after and caught 'em
And that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom,
Stared at the person who killed for no reason,
Who just happened to be feeling that way without warning,
And he spoke through his cloak, most deep and distinguished,
And handed out strongly for penalty and repentance
William Zantzinger with a six-month sentence.
Ah, but, you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
Bury the rag deep in your face for now's the time for your tears.
