Well, my shoes, they come from Singapore,
My flashlight's from Taiwan,
My tablecloth's from Malaysia,
My belt buckle's from the Amazon.
You know, this shirt I wear comes from the Philippines
And the car I drive is a Chevrolet.
It was put together down in Argentina
By a guy making thirty cents a day.

Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.

Well, this silk dress is from Hong Kong
And the pearls are from Japan.
Well, the dog collar's from India
And the flowerpot's from Pakistan.
All the furniture, it say "Made in Brazil",
Where a woman, she slaved for sure,
Bringing home thirty cents a day to a family of twelve –
You know, that's a lotta money to her.

Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.

Well, you know, lots of people complaining that there is no work.
I say, “Why you say that for
When nothing you got is US-made?”
They don't make nothing here no more.
You know, capitalism is above the law,
It say, "It don't count 'less it sell."
When it costs too much to build it at home,
You just build it cheaper someplace else.

Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.

Well, the job that you used to have,
They gave it to somebody down in El Salvador.
Well, the unions are big business, friend,
And they're going out like a dinosaur.
Well, they used to grow food in Kansas,
Now they wanna grow it on the moon and eat it raw.
I can see the day coming when even your home garden
Is gonna be against the law.

Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.

Democracy don't rule the world --
You'd better get that in your head.
This world is ruled by violence,
But I guess that's better left unsaid.
From Broadway to the Milky Way,
That's a lot of territory indeed.
And a man's gonna do what he has to do
When he's got a hungry mouth to feed.

Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.
