Everything went from bad to worse, money never changed a thing,
Death kept following, tracking us down, at least I heard your bluebird sing.
Now somebody's got to show their hand, time is an enemy.
I know you're long gone, I guess it must be up to me.

If I'd'a thought about it, I never woulda done it, I guess I woulda let it slide,
If I'd'a paid attention to what others were thinking, the heart inside me woulda died,
But I was just too stubborn to ever be governed by enforced insanity.
Someone had to reach for the rising star, I guess it was up to me.

Now, the Union Central is pulling out, the orchids are in bloom,
I've only got me one good shirt left and it smells of stale perfume.
In fourteen months I've only smiled once and I didn't do it consciously.
Somebody's got to find your trail, I guess it's gonna be up to me.

It was like a revelation when you betrayed me with your touch,
I'd just about convinced myself nothing had changed that much.
The old Rounder in the iron mask, he slipped me the master key.
Somebody had to unlock your heart, he said it was up to me.

Now, I watched you slowly disappear down into the officers' club,
I woulda followed you in the door, but I didn't have a ticket stub,
So I waited all night till the break of day, hoping one of us could get free.
Oh, when the dawn came over the river bridge, I knew it was up to me.

The only decent thing I did when I worked as a postal clerk
Was to haul your picture down off the wall near the cage where I used to work.
Was I a fool or not to protect your real identity?
You looked a little burned out, my friend, I thought it might be up to me.

I met somebody face-to-face, I had to remove my hat,
She's everything I need and love, but I can't be swayed by that.
It frightens me, the awful truth of how sweet life can be,
But she ain't gonna make a move, I guess it must be up to me.

Now, we heard the Sermon on the Mount and I knew it was too complex,
It didn't amount to anything more than what the broken glass reflects.
When you bite off more than you can chew, you got to pay the penalty.
Somebody's got to tell the tale, I guess it must be up to me.

Dupree came in pimping tonight to the Thunderbird Café,
Crystal wanted to talk to him, I had to look the other way.
Now I just can't rest without you, love, I need your company.
You ain't gonna cross the line, I guess it must be up to me.

There's a note left in the bottle, you can give it to Estelle.
She's the one you been wondering about, but there's a-really nothing much to tell.
We both heard voices for a while, now the rest is a-history.
Somebody's got to cry some tears, I guess it must be up to me.

So, go on, boys, play your hands, life is a pantomime,
The ringleaders from the county seat say you don't have all that much time,
And the girl with me behind the shades, she ain't my property.
One of us has got to hit the road, I guess it must be up to me.

If we never meet again, baby, remember me,
How my lone guitar played sweet for you that old-time melody,
And the harmonica around my neck, I blew it for you free.
No one else could play that tune, you knew it was up to me.
