There's a long distance train rolling through the rain,
Tears on the letter that I write,
There's a woman I long to touch and I'm missing her so much,
But she's drifting like a satellite,
There's a neon light ablaze in a green, smoky haze
And laughter down on Elizabeth Street,
There's a lonesome bell-tone in that valley of stone,
Where she bathed in a stream of pure heat.
Her father would emphasize you got to be more than streetwise,
But he practiced what he preached from the heart,
A full-blooded Cherokee, he predicted it to me,
The time and the place that we'd part.
There's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage
And a longtime, golden-haired stripper onstage
And she winds back the clock and she turns back the page of a book that nobody can write––
Oh, where are you tonight?

The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure,
To live it you had to explode.
In that last hour of need we entirely agreed:
Sacrifice was the code of the road.
I left town at dawn with Marcel and St. John,
Strong men belittled by doubt,
I couldn't tell her what my private thoughts were,
But she had some way of finding them out.
He took dead-center aim, but he missed just the same,
She was waiting, putting flowers on the shelf.
She could feel my despair as I climbed up her hair
And discovered her invisible self.
There's a lion in the road, there's a demon escaped,
There's a million dreams gone, there's a landscape being raped
As her beauty fades and I watch her undrape––well, I won't, but then maybe again I might––
Oh, if I could just find you tonight!

I fought with my twin, that enemy within,
Till both of us fell by the way,
Horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees
While the law looks the other way.
Your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes,
The man you were loving could never get clean.
It felt out of place, my foot in his face,
But he shoulda stayed where his money was green.
I bit into the root of forbidden fruit
With the juice running down my leg,
I've dealt with your boss, who'd never known about loss,
Who always was too proud to beg.
There's a white-diamond gloom on the dark side of this room
And a pathway that leads up to the stars.
If you don't believe there's a price for this sweet paradise,
Just remind me to show you the scars.
There's a new day at dawn and I've finally arrived,
If I'm there in the morning, baby, you'll know I've survived––
I can't believe it! I can't believe I'm alive, but without you it doesn't seem right––
Oh, where are you tonight?
