I was listening to the voices of death on parade
Singing about conspiracy, wanting me to be afraid,
Working for a system I couldn't understand or trust,
Suffering ridicule, they want me give it all up in disgust.
But you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
In hunger and need you made my heart bleed, you changed my life.

Talk about salvation, people suddenly get tired,
They got a million things to do, they're all so inspired.
You do the work of the devil, you got a million friends,
They'll be there when you got something, they'll take it all in the end.
But you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
I was under the dome where nothing is sung, you changed my life.

Well, the nature of man is to beg and to steal,
I'd do it myself, it's not so unreal.
The call of the wild is forever at my door,
Want me to fly like an eagle while being chained to the floor.
But you changed my life, you came along in a time of strife,
From silver and gold, from what man cannot hold, you changed my life.

Well, I was eating with the pigs off a fancy tray,
I was told I was looking good and to have a nice day.
It all seemed so proper, it all seemed so elite,
Eating that obsolete garbage while being so discreet.
But you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
From silver and gold, from what man cannot hold, you changed my life.

You were glowing in the sun while being peaceably calm.
Well, how often's a man dance to the beat of the palm?
Your eyes were on fire, your feet were of brass,
In the world you had made they had made you an outcast.
But you changed my life, came along in a**1** time of strife,
From silver and gold, from what man cannot hold, you changed my life.

There was someone in my body that I could hardly see
Invading my privacy and making my decisions for me,
Holding me back, not letting me stand,
Making me feel like a stranger in a strange land.
But you, you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
You came down the line, gave me a new mind, you changed my life.

My lord and my savior, my companion, my friend,
Heart-fixer, mind-regulator, true to the end.
My creator, my comforter, my cause for joy,
Well, the world is set against but will never destroy.
But you, you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
You came in like a wind, like Errol Flynn, you changed my life.

**1** Dylan might be using the definite article “the” here.
