I catch dinosaurs! Make love to Elizabeth Taylor! Catch hell from Richard Burton!
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues - oh, yeah!
Alright, now!
The National Guard stands around his door, ohh!
I's high-flying, bare-naked, out the window!
I jumped a fallout shelter! I jumped a string bean! I jumped a TV dinner! I jumped a shotgun!
Can't stand pat, swear you gotta step it up and go!
Betty Ross!
Dignity never been photographed!
You must think I'm crazy!
Tell the judge I said it was alright, yeah!
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly down to the easy chair!
Watch out so you don't step on me!
And you ask why I don't live here! Honey, I can't believe that you're for real!
You're the prettiest darned girl I ever seen-i-O!
They got away!
Underneath that apple suckling tree, oh, yeah!
Look over yonder to that burying ground!
Give a little bit, she took it all!
Our captain, he is dead, Pretty Peggy-O!
68, but says she's 24, ohh!
And then the tears roll down - what a bitter taste!
"Come out, ye gifted kings and queens, and hear my sad complaint!
Well, you know, it costs more to store the food than it do to give it!
They talk about a life of brotherly love - show me someone who knows how to live it!
Well, I need a woman, alright!
I figured they was in my TV set!
Dance!
Then you ask why I don't live here! Honey, I gotta think you're really weird!
She makes love just like a woman - yes, she does!
Lordy, Lordy, Lord!
But he's badly built and he walks on stilts - watch out he don't fall on you!
Rain-man leaves in the wolf-man's disguise. Oh!
Quite lucky to be alive, though!
That's 'cause she's so obvious and you ain't. Oh, oh, well!
They were all over!
Oh!
Wowee! Pretty scary!
Just don't put your horse in front of your cart," ohh!
Give to me my country pie, I won't throw it up in anybody's face!
Goodnight!
Oh, oh, we gonna fly down to the easy chair!
Yippee!
Start over!
Lord, I really miss my baby!
Alright!
Oh, Lord, this cell is cold!
It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor, ohh!
Hope I don't find out too much!
She takes just like a woman - yes, she does!
They say "Sing!" while you slave -- I get bored, whoa-ohh!
Best notify my next of kin this wheel shall explode!
I'm still trying to get used to seeing the real you at last - oh, yes, I am!
Oh, yeah!
He punched me out!
I got the freight train blues!
He says, "You ain't so bad yourself!" Oh, yeah!
But what do you care? Ain't nobody there would want to marry your sister!
Gotta step it up and go, yeah, go!
Get me outta here, my dear man!
Now step it up and go, yeah, man!
Mr. Bojangles, Mr. Bojangles, dance!
The lieutenant, he has gone, Pretty Peggy-O!
Gotta step it up and go, yeah, man!
Ooh-ee, ride me high, tomorrow's the day that my bride's a-gonna come!
Pressing on - yeah, leading the way!
Lordy, Lord!
Oh me, oh my, love that country pie!
Get the loot, don't be slow, we're gonna catch a trout!
All is gone, all is gone! Admit it, take flight!
Good God!
She makes love like a woman - yes, she does!
Play that guitar now!
I'm just thankful and grateful to be seeing the real you at last - oh!
I figured they was in my television set!
But come on, baby, I'm your friend!
I've got a million friends!
Oh, lawdy, I got 'em in the bottom of my rambling shoes!
Look around you, it's just bound to make you embarrassed!
Yea heavy, and a bottle of bread!
Under that apple suckling tree, oh, yeah!
So now I'm home investigating myself!
Lo and behold! Lo and behold!
The ones on Hootenanny!
This place don't make sense to me no more!
Seeing my reflection, I'm hung over, hung down, hung up!
Please, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Henry, please!
This is called "Talking John Birch Blues" and there ain't nothing wrong with this song!
Oh, if I could just find you tonight!
Looking for my lo and behold!
I wound up with the Dean of Women!
Bring the whole kids." Yippee!
Yeah, you'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn!
Then he fines you every time you slam the door, ohh!
Keep-a your hand on that plow, hold on!
I got my mind made up, yeah!
I've got the freight train blues!
Take me down to California, baby!
She gotta step it up and go, yeah, go!
Can't stand pat, I swear you gotta step it up and go!
They was all over!
She's insane!
Ooh-ee, are we gonna fly down into the easy chair!
Woo!
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do, yes, you will!
I wanna be yours!
Right now I cannot read too well, don't send me no more letters, no!
Hear my gal call me, God, I got to go!
Hootenanny television!
You'll not see nothing like the mighty Quinn!
Mr. Bojangles, Mr. Bojangles, dance! Yeah, dance!
I'm in love with you!
I discovered there was red stripes in the American flag!
Two riders were approaching, and the wind began to howl, oh!
Oh, oh, are we gonna fly down in the easy chair!
Ooh-ee, ride me high, tomorrow's the day my bride's gonna come!
I wanna be your lover, baby, I don't wanna be hers, I wanna be yours!
Pale face fit into place, oh, please!
Sure was glad to get out of there alive!
Right now I can't read too good, don't send me no more letters, no!
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world, hey!
I said, "You know, they refused Jesus too." He said, "You're not Him!
Howdy, East Orange!
And you say, "Oh, my God, what does that mean?" And he screams back, "You're a cow!
"I was only robbing the register, I hope you understand!
My God, they killed Him!
All I care, though, 'bout now is if I'm seeing the real you at last - oh, yes, I am!
It was the mailman!
Woo-hoo!
Baby, oh, what a story I could tell!
Oh, lawdy, mama, got 'em in the bottom of my rambling shoes!
So long, New York!
Come running down your stairs, Pretty Peggy-O!
You, you, you, you, you got a hold of my heart, oh, yeah!
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues - oh, ah! Yeah!
Yeah, man!
Yes, come out your window!
Them Reds did it!
You're a liar!
Thank you!
You fake just like a woman - yes, you do!
I ain't different than anyone!
Oh, you got to trust yourself, yeah!
We're both just one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind!
You got more than the blacks, don't complain!
You make love like a woman - yes, you do!
Can't stand back, swear you gotta step it up and go!
Play fucking loud!
Well, I was praying the pieces wouldn't fall on me!
And you say, "What does this mean?" And he screams back, "You're a cow!
You to sign your check to tax-deductible charity organizations, oh!
Best notify my next of kin that this wheel shall explode!
She's trying to hide, pretending she don't know me!
Ah, you fake just like a woman - yes, you do!
Step it up and go, yeah, man!
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues - oh, well!
[incoherent] on the avenue, oh, yeah!
Oh, no!
I hear sometimes Satan come as a man of peace, oh, yeah!
Well!
She takes just like a woman - yes!
She's making me into an old man and, man, I'm not even twenty-five!
How they ever flood my soul!
I discovered red stripes in the American flag!
Pressing on - oh, yes, I am!
Pack up your money, pull up your tent, McGuinn, you ain't a-going nowhere!
Well, look over yonder to that burying ground!
I don't need much, that ain't no lie - ain't running any race!
Touched the back of her head and he died. Oh!
You make love just like a woman - yes, you do!
I can't find my knees."
"Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
She said, "You look different." I said, "Well, I guess."
So let us not talk falsely now, the hour's getting late."
Would kill a little bird like me."
I'm weeping for my babies three."
"Could you kindly tell me, friend, what time the show begins?"
Do you know where I can possibly get rid of these things?"
And say, "Do you wanna make a deal?"
And Sam said, "Well, tell me quick, man - I got to run!"
The dealer said, "It's too late now, you can take your money, but I don't know how you'll spend it in the tomb."
You could die down here, be just another accident statistic."
I said, "Yes, ten thousand miles today I drove."
On the shores of sunny Italy."
She took off her wig, said, "How do I look?"
And you say, "For what reason?" And he says, "How?"
Juliet said back to Romeo, "Why don't you just shove off if it bothers you so much?"
Oh, to see ten thousand fall."
The price, my dear, is you instead."
I said, "I like Fidel Castro. I think you heard me right."
And Louis the King said, "Let me think for a minute, son."
Shes says, "We ain't got any, you picked the wrong time to come."
And say, "Do you want to make a deal?"
But sometimes a man must be alone and this is no place to hide."
So let us not talk falsely now, the hour is getting late."
He said, "Nurse, get your pad, the boy's insane!"
Abe said, "Where you want this killing done?"
And I always said, "Hang on to me, baby, and let's hope that the roof stays on."
Man says, "Three dollars." "Alright," I say, "will you take four?"
"Have you heard the news?" he said with a grin, "The Vice President's gone mad!"
And you say, "Oh, my God, am I here all alone?"
And he just smoked my eyelids and punched my cigarette."
And hung on a willow tree."
"Death to all those that--who would whimper and cry!"
Says, "How does it feel to be such a freak?"
"Well met, well met, my own, true love."
And have it on Highway 61."
I heard someone whisper, "Please adore me,"
He'll say, "Oh, darling, tell me the truth, how much time I got?"
If you feel it grabbing out for you, send for the nurse."
Said, "Ms. Mouse, are you within?"
Let us not talk falsely now, you know the hour's getting late."
He'll say, "Can you repeat what you said?"
Say, "Prove to me that He's Lord, show me a sign."
She said, "Would you like to take a shower? I'll show you up to the door."
"But we'll climb that hill no matter how steep when we come up to it!"
"Gonna find me a janitor to sweep me off my feet."
"Let's blow this place to kingdom come, let Con Edison take the blame."
And I'm a-sure he's a fine, young man."
They'll stone you and then they'll say, "Good luck."
I'll endow them onto thee."
Judas pointed down the road and said, "Eternity."
They look as dark as night."
"Don't reach out for me," she said, "Can't you see I'm drowning too?"
Casanova, he's just being punished for going to Desolation Row!"
"You can't open up your mind, boys, to every conceivable point of view."
With its pale ghost retreating between the king and the queen of swords."
And I say, "Aw, come on, now, you know you know about my debutante."
"Half the people can be part right all of the time and some of the people can be all right part of the time, but all the people can't be all right all of the time."
Someone else asked, "What do you care?" Papa said, "Well, just because."
Said, "I got no money." He said, "That ain't necessary."
Somebody points his finger at you and says, "It's his."
From across that lonesome ocean."
I went up and yelled to him, "Please, please, please!"
For that reason I will have to stay."
She was standing there right beside my chair, said, "What's that you got up your sleeve?"
So let us not talk falsely now, you know, the hour's getting late."
"Have you seen dignity?"
It depends on how I'm feeling."
Take it on down to Highway 61."
He said, "Come over here, girl, step into the light."
God said to Abraham, "Kill me a son."
Eating grass on a mountainside so steep - "Oh, think I'll call it a sheep."
Well, she's there, she says, "I'm right here in front of you - or haven't you looked?"
Love my Blackjack Davey."
Or are you weeping for your babe?"
He hung there from the chandelier, she cried, "Help, there's danger near, please a-open up a-the door!"
Well, she says, "You just don't seem,like you do." I said, "You're way wrong."
What's wrong? What's exactly the matter?"
Say "You're dancing with whom they tell you to or you don't dance at all!"
You can do about it, so let us just agree to agree."
You won't die, it's not poison!"
Will mourn for your return."
Cries out, "My God, they've killed 'em all!"
A woman shot her lover down, murder in the second degree."
Said she, "But I don't wish to." Said I, "But you have no choice."
Saying, "Take your pick, Frankie Boy. My loss will be your gain."
Saying, "Name me somebody that's not a parasite and I'll go out and say a prayer for him."
"Call the wagon, this man is dead."
I jumped right into line, saying, "I hope that I'm not late,"
He said, "Tell me about it."
"Oh, hard times, come again no more."
And I still do not know what it was that I've done wrong."
We'll put 'em on the wall when you get home."
Well, Abe said, "Where you want this killing done?"
She said, "Lord, have mercy! Honey, I'm so glad you're my boy!"
I saw Albert an hour ago with a gal named Alice Fry."
Romeo, he said to Juliet, "You got a poor complexion. It doesn't give your appearance a very youthful touch."
She said, "You been gone." I said, "That's only natural."
Oh, God said to Abraham, "Kill me a son."
None of them along the line know what any of it's worth."
I stood there and hummed, I tapped on her drum, I asked her, "How come?"
"Get up, old man, or I'm taking you down."
I'll bring back my lady."
And somebody points to you and says, "It's his."
I say, "That's right, bring me some."
Saying, "How does it feel to be such a freak?"
It looked like there wasn't nothing that he couldn't pull - "Ah, think I'll call it a bull."
I and I, one said to the other, "No man see my face and lives."
You can't blame me at all."
And a cannonball blew my eyes away."
Well, she takes the napkin and throws it back and says, "That don't look a thing like me."
You walk in so politely, you say, "Is this where it is?"
"The sun not yellow, it's chicken!"
Saying, "I dig farmers. Don't shoot me please!"
For that's all I'm wishing to be owning."
And muttered underneath his breath, "Nothing is revealed."
Get on your horse and ride away."
And someone turns and says to him, "My friend, you'd better leave."
"I'm around too many children," he said, "they should never know of one."
He said, "What do doctors know about farms, pray tell?"
Somebody points to you and says, "It's his."
You must know about my debutante."
"That's my son that's about to go, he's a soldier now, you know?"
Have it on Highway 61."
Judge says to Curtis, "What's this noise about?"
How is it that you've come to be this way?"
'Round my bedside Billy Lyons has began to creep."
Let me tell the second mother this has been done."
Ask you with a grin, "You having a good time?"
And keep him good company."
"Only a Pawn in Their Game."
"Oh, they'll flog the poaching outta you down there in Botany Bay."
And she buttoned her boot and straightened her suit, then she said, "Don't get cute,"
"The trial was bad enough, but this is ten times worse."
Don't let an egg get laid in it by something you can't see."
Everybody's shouting, "Which side are you on?"
"How sweetly I sleep here alone."
From the place that I'll be landing?"
It's all for the love of thee."
"Poison Love", "Red Roses for Blue Lady", and "Memphis in June"
So write to her tenderly."
"I'll let you be in my dream if I can be in yours."
I said, "I got no money, man." He said, "That ain't necessary."
See somebody naked, you say, "Who is that man?"
Country'll grow."
"Your presence is obnoxious to me."
Oh, they call me Jack-A-Roe."
"Same thing my father do I can do likewise."
"I'm gonna start my picking right now. Just tell me where you'll be."
By the way, what happened to that poison wine?"
Someone's always yelling, "Turn it down!"
And it's all for the love of thee."
You say, "What's mine?" Someone else says, "Where what is?"
There's just as much foot in--danger in a football game,"
Remember the night you lay--blowed little Sadie down?"
Tangled up in blue."
Spanish boots of Spanish leather."
While other poor fellows go dirty and mean and sup on thin gruel in the morning."
They'll stone you and then say, "You are brave,"
She'll never see that seaport town called Canadee-i-o."
He did it in Las Vegas and he can do it here!"
And he says, "Here is your throat back. Thanks for the loan."
Saying, "Hands up, you Communists!"
He say, "Oh, you want a gun? I'll give you one."
When nothing you got is US-made?"
And wait for the lad that has left me all alone on the banks of Belle Isle."
Just as papa yelled outside, "Mama wants you to come back in the house and bring them clothes!"
I and I, one said to the other, "No man sees my face and lives."
While others say, "Don't hate nothing at all except hatred."
He look straight into the sun and say, "Revenge is mine, huh?"
I said, "I was born at the bottom of a wishing well."
Judge says, "Poor boy, you got ninety-nine."
He gave me his card, he said, "Call me if they die."
Ride off with Blackjack Davey?"
Oh, would ever suit your mind."
That you don't touch my daughter and in the morning milk the cows."
And in comes Romeo, he's moaning, "You belong to me, I believe."
"Well, my message is he's down the road, stranded in a house."
Do you know where I can get rid of these things?"
"I do recall him very well. In fact, he just left my sight."
Next time you see me coming you better run."
Just tell her kindly, "There is the front door."
And she buttoned her boot and straightened her suit, then she said, "Don't get cute."
I say, "Tell me what I want." She say, "You probably want hard-boiled eggs."
Said to the bartender, "Has my loving man been here?"
Give me some milk or else go home!"
Said, "Take me, daddy, to the nearest town."
She was standing there right beside my chair, said, "Don't tell me, let me guess your name,"
Say, "Alright, I've had enough, what else can you show me?"
Jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates."
She'll say, "Who take away his license to kill?"
Turned around to Billy Lyons, said, "What are you doing here?"
You stole my John B., now I'm bound to take your life."
I said, "Lord, have mercy! Mama, it sure is good to see you coming today!"
I know who you are and what league you play in."
Till the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies."
Lightning strikes, the lights blow out, the desk clerk wakes, he begins to shout, "Can you see anything?"
"You'd fail to understand," he said. "Why must you even try?"
But most of the time I spend behind these county bars 'cause I drinks a bit."
He -- "Yeah, you're right. Let me tell your mother this has been done."
I said, "Could you help me out? I got some friends down the way."
God said, "On Highway 61."
She said, "I don't want nobody see me talking to you,"
Said, "Why'd you bring him in here for! He ain't the guy!"
I said, "That's the best news that I've ever heard."
The next time you see me coming you better run."
Don't get too gay in Botany Bay or else you'll surely hang."
What do you mean you can't? Of course you can."
Ruby just smiled and said, "Ah, you know some babies never learn."
Someone turns and says, "You're in the wrong room, my friend, you'd better hurry up and leave."
"What's it to you, Moby Dick? This is chicken-town!"
"My complexion," she says, "is much too white."
It was destiny, it was God's will."
"Five to ten," said Joey. Judge says, "That's just what you get."
And say, "Do--would you like to--come on now, would you like to come up and make a deal?"
When she said, "Would you like to take that shower now?"
You see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now"
As he came charging down the stairs, saying, "What's that I heard you say?"
God said, "No." Abe said, "What?"
And says, "Here's your throat back. Thanks for the loan."
Turned her eyes up towards the heavens, said, "Nearer, my God, to Thee."
"Alright," said Judas Priest, "I'll see you after a while."
Saying, "For whose sake did you live? For whose sake did you die?"
For, if you insult me with one other word, I'll cut off your heads in the morning."
Where she held me in her arms one time and said, "Forget me not."
Sometimes you gotta do like Elvis did and shoot the damn thing out."
The girls all say, "You're a worn-out star."
"That way down Highway 61."
If you got any papers, will you serve 'em to me?"
"What's the matter, Molly dear? What's the matter with your mound?"
I ordered some Suzette. I said, "Could you please make that crepe?"
And she says, "Your debutante just knows what you need, but I know what you want."
You say, "Oh, no, am I here all alone?"
"Nothing," they say, "He just like to cause war."
And someone says, "You're in the wrong place, my friend, you'd better leave."
You're a bad man, bad man, Stack-A-Lee."
And you say, "What's mine?" Someone else says, "Where what is?"
My soul flew to mansions on high."
You can't blame us at all."
I would want again tomorrow."
Has kindly assisted me home."
Be sixteen come Sunday."
He said, "Let's set up a fort and start buying the place with beads."
Was, "Oh, the cruel rain and the wind..."
I said, "That's alright, mama, you-you do what you gotta do."
"I am leaving, I am leaving!"
Curtis said to the judge, "What might be my fine?"
"I've had too much of your company,"
Say, "OK, I've had enough, what else can you show me?"
"Five to ten," said Joey. Judge says, "That's exactly what you get."
"It's not a house," says Judas Priest. "It's not a house, it's a home."
"Are you that traveling salesman that I have heard about?"
He grabbed my arm, I said "Ouch!"
Louis the King said, "Let me think for a minute, son."
I said, "Some of 'em, not all of 'em." He said, "You always help out around here with the chores?"
She said, "No, dear." I said, "Your words aren't clear. You better spit out your plum."
"Is it easy to forget?"
She say, "Who take away his license to kill?"
"That's right," said Judas, "Eternity, though you might call it paradise."
"All about them rounders, judge, trying to cut me out."
"Pardon, monsieur," the desk clerk says, carefully removes his fez, "am I hearing you right?"
She says, "Alright, now, go ahead, draw me, I'm staying right here."
And Howard said, "There's only one place I know."
"To that beautiful shore by the bright, crystal sea."
And said, "That way down Highway 61."
"What kind of house is this," he said, "where I have come to roam?"
"You unpatriotic, rotten doctor, Commie rat!"
Oh, to face the cannonball."
I'm glad to see you're still alive, you're looking like a saint."
If you've never seen one, it's a blessing in disguise."
None of them along the line know what any of it is worth."
I could see that his face looked just like mine."
God said, "Oh, down Highway 61."
You say, "What's mine?" Somebody else says, "Where what is?"
Come flowing down so free?"
"I will secretly accept you and together we'll fly south."
It say, "It don't count 'less it sell."
We want folksingers here."
"His Master's voice is calling me,"
I say, "Yes, I could, but I don't know where my pencil is at."
"Waiting for a train, please bring my woman home."
I'll apply them all to thee."
And emptied out the register, said, "Tell 'em it was Crazy Joe."
Howard said, "There's only one place I know."
She says, "Henry ain't here, but you can come on in, he'll be back in a little while."
"Where?" "Downtown." "When?" "Last night." "Hmm, gee, that's too bad."
"How old are you, my pretty, little miss? How old are you, my honey?"
Look at my skin laugh, look at my skin cry,"
He asked poor Howard, "Where can I go?"
I said, "Oh, no, no! I've been through this movie before!"
Got any papers, will you serve 'em to me?"
You see, you're just like me. I hope you're satisfied."
If I carry it out, it'll bring a good price."
"My complexion," she said, "is much too white."
We wanna pin this triple murder on him - he ain't no 'Gentleman Jim'."
You hand in a back door to go--"Is this--this where it is?"
Says to the madman, "Ain't you cute!"
Please a-let me love you, baby, don't put me down."
You'll see that seaport town of Canadee-i-o."
Mr. Bojangles, dance!"
You wasn't there standing in my shoes."
"What should the wedding supper be?"
"Before you step on board, sir, your name I'd like to know."
Brighton girls are like the moon."
"Well, there's nothing we can do about it," said the neighbor, "Just something we're gonna have to forget."
Think it mighta been that fighter that you saw running that night? Don't forget, now, you are white."
"I wouldn't worry 'bout it none, though. Them old dreams are only in your head."
"One of us had better call up the cops."
Gonna stand at the window, gonna ask the maid, "Have you seen dignity?"
We'll both go home together."
But we'll shout from the bow, "Your days are numbered!"
Well, if you are, there's a fellow calling you down the road and they say his name is Priest."
So I yelled, "I like Fidel Castro and his beard!"
She said, "Where you been?" I said, "No place special."
I want him to feel what it's like to every moment face his death."
In comes Romeo, he's moaning, "You belong to me, I believe."
He wasn't too small and he wasn't too big - "Ah, think I'll call it a pig."
You raise up your head, say, "Is this where it is?"
"I thought you'd never say hello," she said, "You look like the silent type."
Screaming, she moans, "I have just been made!"
"Come in," she said, "I'll give you shelter from the storm."
"If ye cannot bring good news, then don't bring any."
"Now, take them up, devils!" cried Arthur McBride, "And temper their edge in the morning!"
He says, "Hmm, you're right. Let me tell the second mother this has been done."
She said, "Even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt."
God said, "Out on Highway 61."
Are you from heaven descended, abiding in Cupid's fair throne?"
As great as you are a man, you'll never be greater than yourself."
Just take everything down to Highway 61."
And says, "Here's your throat back. Thanks for the loan!"
Is there a hole for me to get sick in?"
But, you'd better hurry up and choose which of those bills you want before they all disappear."
He said, "Come here and step into the light."
There's just as much danger in a football game,"
What am I giving? What am I taking?"
"Where shall the wedding supper be?"
Think it mighta been that fighter that you saw running that night? Don't forget that you are white."
Good God Almighty, that stuff ain't real."
For you'd have no scruples for to send us to France where we would get shot without warning."
He said, "Ok, boys, I'll see you tomorrow."
No, you can't blame us at all."
But I know what you want."
Saying, "Death to all those who would whimper and cry!"
Saying, "Master, tell me why a man must be born again."
She said, "You look a-different." I said, "Well, I guess."
She'll say, "You got all the time in the world, honey."
Don't you and your one true love ever part."
Cop said, "Wait a minute, boys, this one's not dead!"
She says, "Which ones have you read then?" I say, "I've read Erica Jong."
Or from the coast of Barcelona."
Besides, anyhow, the more the merrier."
She said, "Son, this ain't a dream no more, it's the real thing."
"There's something funny going on," he said, "I can just feel it in the air."
I went out the other door, this Englishman said "Fab!"
Saying, "I wish I could tell you all the things that I never learned how to say."
They look me squarely in the eye and they say, "Well, all is well."
And punched my cigarette."
So I'll just say, "Fare thee well."
She was standing there in back of my chair, said to me, "What's your name?"
He was my man, but he done me wrong."
This is ca--this is called "Yes-" - this is, uh, this is called "Yes, I See You've Got Your Brand-New Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat."
And says, "How does it feel to be such a freak?"
Man came to the door, I said, "For whom are you looking?"
You could die down here, be another accident statistic."
He said, "Are you looking for something easy to catch?"
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen!"
She gives me a napkin, she say, "You can do it on that."
Please let me love you, baby, don't put me down."
Where you and I will unite."
She said, "Boy, you talking crazy."
Saying, "Name me someone that's not a parasite and I'll go out and say a prayer for him."
"The soles of my feet, I swear they're burning."
Get out of here before I break your bone! I ain't your pop!"
And pretend that you never have met."
Says, "My advice is not to let the boys in."
You and I'll never know."
Saying, "Throw me something, mister, please."
I love far better than thee."
I said, "What happens tomorrow is on your head, not mine."
As she worked on my face till breaking my eyes, then said, "What else you got left?"
They look as white as snow."
She say, "Who gonna take away his license to kill?"
Says, "Your wife." I said, "She's busy in the kitchen cooking."
Said, "Hey, hey, man, can't you wait a little while?"
I say, "Alright, I know, but I don't have my drawing book."
You're a soldier of mercy and you're cold and you curse, "He who cannot be trusted must fall."
Tell nothing except who to idolize, and say, "God bless him."
That you must always first forgive them."
She'll see that seaport town called Canadee-i-o."
Man said, "Freddy." I said, "Freddy who?" He said, "Freddy or not, here I come."
And say, "Would you like to make a deal?"
Screaming, she moans, "I've just been made!"
But the judge says, "Mona can't have no bond."
While she's out on the balcony where a stranger tells her, "My darling, je vous aime beaucoup."
They kill babies in the crib and say, "Only the good die young."
I'll see her soon, I know."
She was standing there in back of my chair, said to me, "Don't I know your name?"
Knocking on the door, I say, "Who is it? Where you from?"
You say, "Oh, my God, am I here all alone?"
You'll say, "What are you afraid of?"
I didn't see you around."
It's peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again."
I said, "Hey, hey, in there, is there anybody home?"
I and I, one said to the other, "No man see my face and live."
You raise up your head and you ask, "Is this where it is?"
He tried to grab the woman's hand, said, "Here's a ring, it cost a grand!" She said, "That ain't enough."
You sneak into the window and you say, "Is this where it is?"
She said, "No, dear." I said, "Your words aren't clear, you better spit out your plum."
When they asked him why it had to be that way, "Well," he answered, "just because."
You see somebody naked, you say, "Who is that man?"
She said, "I gave it to you, drink it."
Rode off with Blackjack Davey."
You see someone naked and you say, "Who is that man?"
So let us not talk falsely now, you know, the hour is getting late."
"Thought you'd never say hello," she said, "You look like the silent type."
He smiled when he saw me coming and he said, "Well, well, well."
I reached up, touched my shirt, and the neighbor said, "Are those clothes yours?"
And you say, "What's mine?" And somebody else says, "Where what is?"
The tears are all wiped from my eyes."
Don't you tell Henry, apple's got your fly."
He writes, "Everything's been returned which was owed"
Now, the rain-man gave me two cures, then he said, "Jump right in."
Oh, would have this heart of mine."
He saw milk coming out, but he didn't know how - "Ah, think I'll call it a cow."
"I'm sorry, sir," he said to me. "I'm sorry for what she's done."
He writes "Everything's been returned which was owed"
We'll both go off together."
Saying, "Don't let the boys in."
You'll say, "What are you made of?"
Emptied out the register, said, "Tell 'em it was Crazy Joe."
No one can protect you from it once you turn it on."
Now, you see this one-eyed midget shouting the word "now"
I'm a clean-cut kid and I been to college, too."
Great, big, furry back and furry hair - "Ah, think I'll call it a bear."
You will not die, it's not poison!"
Others say, "Don't hate nothing at all except a-hatred."
"What's good for you is good for me,"
He said, "My friend, Bob, what do we need to make the country grow?"
No, you can't blame me at all."
See somebody naked, you say, "Who's that man?"
And says, "My advice is to not let the boys in."
"My complexion," she said, " - much too white."
Then she says, "I know you're an artist. Draw a picture of me."
He'll say, "Nothing neither 'live nor dead."
Why didn't they tell me the day I was born?"
Asks you with a grin, "Are you having a good time?"
"Leave her alone! Goddamn you, get out!"
She said, "Be easy, baby, there ain't nothing worth stealing in here."
Well, I say, "How would you know and what would it matter anyway?"
To make your time more easy-passing?"
She say, "You must be joking." I said, "I wish I was."
Casanova is just being punished for going to Desolation Row!"
Don't wait up for me, a-worry about me when I'm gone."
But, go on your way accordingly, but know you're not alone."
She said that for over an hour and I hung up."
To the boss he said, "I have returned and now I want what's mine."
Remember, you blowed little Sadie down."
You see somebody naked and you, you say, "Who is that man?"
I said, "I would if I could, but I don't do sketches from memory."
She said, "You gonna stay?" I said, "If you want me to, yes!"
To the boss said, "I have returned and now I want what's mine."
Sam said, "Tell me quick, man! I got to run."
"We'll climb that bridge after it's dawn, after we're way past it."
I said, "Hold it, doc, a World War passed through my brain!"
"How good-how good does it feel to be free?"
Arthur Dexter Bradley said, "I'm really not sure."
I said, "Oh, kind miss, it most certainly does."
For me there is no other damsel than my blooming, bright star of Belle Isle."
Everybody must give something back for something they get."
The man says, "Get out of here! I'll tear you limb from limb!"
Call down to room service, says, "Send up a room."
Saying, "The sun's not yellow, it's chicken!"
She said, "Be easy, baby, ain't nothing worth stealing here."
But we were tangled up in blue."
"I'm around too many children," he'd say, "they should never know of one."
Abe said, "Man, you must be putting me on."
It's high above on the gallows tree the crows will pick your bones."
'Give me a string bean! I'm a hungry man!'
Well, we drove that car all night until we got into San Anton'
'When you hear the beep it will be three o'clock.'
I said, 'Let's go and play Adam and Eve.'
I said, 'Howdy, friend, I guess it's just us two.'
Our loves are gonna grow, ooh-wah, ooh-wah.'
You seen what happened last time they started.'
(Oh, my goodness!)
But this time behind your back, my friend,
You may call me Bobby or you may call me Zimmy,
A little piece of cornbread a-laying on a shelf, uh-huh,
I don't sense affection - no, no gratitude or love,
He saw an animal leaving a muddy trail, real dirty face and a curly tail,
Well, I walked all night long hearing them church bells tone,
They walked along by the old canal, little confused - I remember well,
And it's only that I'm asking,
May you grow up to be righteous, may you grow up to be true,
Maybe they'll get me and maybe they won't, but not tonight and it won't be here,
Saying, "Ain't I pretty?" and, "Ain't I cute? Look at my skin,
And, before you can count from one to ten, do it all over again,
I can handle whatever I stumble upon,
Oh, the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear,
Distant ships sailing in through the mist,
And picking up Angel, who just arrived from the coast,
She was fifty-one years old and gave birth to ten children,
They knew not my name and I knew not their faces,
Snuck around the house with a huff and a hiss,
We'll keep on loving, pretty baby,
You got something I want plenty of,
Give me back my baby, I won't worry you no more,
Well, it's you and you only I've been thinking about,
Ms. Delilah is his, a Philistine is what she is,
It's a one-track town, just brown and a breeze, too,
Well, I'm driving in the flats in a Cadillac car,
You've got to serve somebody,
Well, the Cuckoo is a pretty bird, she warbles as she flies,
When someone is pulling the wool over me,
I said a quick prayer and I felt satisfied,
But it's not to stand naked under unknowing eyes,
You turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see,
Five by five, as I stay on the line,
Although she swore my life away, deprived me of my rest,
Oh, winds, which rush my tale to thee, so it may flow and be,
It don't matter what you did,
Next to come in was a broken, black flea, uh-huh,
Only one thing I did wrong,
God knows there's a heaven,
Mama's in the factory. she ain't got no shoes,
I've been walking that lonesome valley,
The preacher talked 'bout Christ's betrayal,
And, you know, there was something about you, baby,
I can't be good no more once like I did before,
Every time you leave and go off some place,
Who fills his mouth with laughing and who builds his town with blood,
Not by works, by faith in Him who called,
First degree and second degree,
Well, he catch you when you're hoping for a glimpse of the sun,
I just can't beg you anymore,
My head tells me it's time to make a change,
But he knew his duty and the price he had to pay,
I bargained for salvation, they gave me a lethal dose,
And I would send a message to find out if she's talked,
I know Sal been doing them things again,
Now, there's a woman on my block, she just sit there facing the hill,
"Pull off, pull off them long, blue gloves all made of the finest leather,
Or if you just want a friend you can talk to,
Call him "Drunken" Ira Hayes, he won't answer anymore,
The cavalries charged, the Indians fell,
The confusion I'm feeling ain't no tongue can tell,
I don't cheat on myself, I don't run and hide,
While money doesn't talk, it swears,
I grabbed my hat and I began to run,
Conceit is a disease that the doctors got no cure,
He wore no rings or fancy things like other gamblers wore,
Whom nature's beast fears as they come,
The only thing I knew how to do was a-keep on keeping on like a bird that flew,
Man gave names to all the animals in the beginning, in the beginning,
You that build the death planes, you that build all the bombs,
I wish tonight were here,
And is our purpose not the same on this earth,
And the executioner's face is always well-hidden,
Thin man looking at his last meal,
Got my mind made up,
Go melt back in the night,
Oh, you been with the professors and they've all liked your looks,
I courted her proudly, but now she is gone,
Well, these times and these tunnels are haunted,
Even you, yesterday, you had to ask me where it was at,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a rolling hoop,
Where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters,
Now you're here beside me, baby, you're a living dream,
You gone to the finest school, alright, Ms. Lonely,
Pack up my suitcase, give me my hat,
Big Jim lay covered up, killed by a penknife in the back,
To be on your own,
They'll stone you when you're walking on the grass,
My lord and my savior, my companion, my friend,
Everybody said they'd stand behind me when the game got rough,
Some trains don't pull no gamblers,
Cat's in the well, horse is going bumpety-bump,
She said, "Now, don't you tell Henry,
I punched myself in the face with my fist,
That foreign sound in your ear,
Everybody's in despair, every girl and boy,
Shock or knock or lock you up,
Oh, I got a letter on a lonesome day,
While a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle, says, "Open up another deck",
You better duck down the alleyway,
Put me outta doors, Lord, Lord,
Where the angels stand high on the poles,
Now, the bricks, they fall on Grand Street,
Playing around with some sweet senorita,
And no liquor in the land to stop your brain from bleeding,
I can't cross the line, you know,
There's a whole lotta people dying tonight from the disease of conceit,
"Go on back to see the gypsy! He can move you from the rear,
Standing by God's river, my soul beginning to shake,
The whole earth, in progression, seems to pass by,
You're trying to reshape me in a mold, love,
Through hostile cities and unfriendly towns,
Well, you got something to say, speak now or hold your peace,
I saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it,
The next day everybody got up, seeing if the clothes were dry,
Seen a shooting star tonight slip away,
Don't wanna shoot nobody, don't wanna be shot,
Most of the time I'm clear-focused all around,
Sundown, yellow moon, I replay the past,
Change my way of thinking, bring myself a different set of rules,
I muttered something underneath my breath, she studied the lines of my face,
I see my light come shining from the west unto the east,
And your gravity fails and negativity don't pull you through,
Well, I's sitting home alone and I started to sweat,
I hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea,
When he died, I was hoping that it wasn't contagious,
My love winks, she does not bother,
They say every man needs protection,
And your gravity's down and negativity don't get you through,
Ah, get sick, get well,
Ten thousand women all sweeping my room,
God knows it's outta sight,
And you start getting chills and you're jumping from sweat,
Oh, sister, when I come to lie in your arms,
Like a dog on a chain,
And point away from the past,
I's just thinking of a series of dreams,
Build you a fire with hickory - hickory, ash, and oak,
I ran into the fortune-teller, she said beware 'cause of lightning might strike,
Rubin Carter and a couple of friends are driving around,
You need a fast-flying train on a tornado track,
But, if I will save you the time,
"It wasn't me that knocked him down,
Leaving nobody to carry him home,
I heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a-blazing,
Next to come in was the Juney bug, uh-huh,
Ah, but you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
I pity the poor immigrant who tramples through the mud,
Hide from the feelings that are buried inside,
Heading out for the old East Coast, radio blasting the news straight on through,
You told me that you'd be sincere,
You've never learned to read or write, there's no books upon your shelf,
She gets all messed up, she faints,
The tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth,
Trapped by no track of hours for they hang suspended,
Everybody wants to be my friend, but nobody wants to get higher,
I am not pleading or saying "I can't forget you",
Where the New York City winters aren't bleeding me,
Standing by God's river, my soul's beginning to shake,
Somebody said from the Bible he'd quote,
She said she would always stay,
Dividing line ran through the center of town,
"There's no time for mischief there," they say. "Remember that," says they,
Ever since you walked right in, the circle's been complete,
And it ain't made in no fat kid's fraternity house,
Now, you can train on down to Williams Point,
Hazel, dirty-blonde hair,
You turn around for one real last glimpse of Camille 'neath the moonshine, bloody and pink,
To keep up his hate,
Well, that big dumb blonde with her wheel gorged,
Today on the countryside it was a-hotter than a crotch,
Oh, I miss that woman so, I didn't mean to see her go,
Everybody will help you, some people are very kind,
She had to sell everything she owned and froze up inside,
Sign on a window says "Lonely",
Some warn victory, some downfall,
Don't ever try to change me,
But he practiced what he preached from the heart,
Got a little girl, who's little and low,
You'll never get rid of me as long as you're alive,
Some say they lived off gambling and running numbers too,
Well, I may just swear,
Where boxing ain't allowed no more,
That chilly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way,
Not supposed to fight back and have thick skin,
I know the reason that you talk behind my back,
And I'm so glad - I'm glad,
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna walk the road again,
But it ain't me, babe,
Except of course the little neighbor-boy, who carried him to rest,
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum,
Well, there's a woman on my block, she just sit there facing the hill,
Well, I looked at my watch, I looked at my wrist,
And our ship was high upon the sea when pirates came along,
Heading out for the old East Coast - Lord knows, he's paid some dues getting through,
Now he's buried in the rocks,
Come all without, come all within,
My grandfather was a duck trapper, he could do it with just dragnets and ropes,
Now you don't talk so loud,
We never much thought we could get very old,
Come over here, baby, 'cause I'm telling you this,
And, if this war comes and death's all around,
They're one day older and a dollar short,
It's like I ain't here,
Tweedle Dee, he's a low-down, sorry, old man,
Come, all you fair and tender girls, wheresoever you may be,
Not the end, not the end,
You can hear them tires squeal,
She was working in a topless place, I stopped in for a beer,
The Second World War came to an end,
I'd already gone the distance,
I believe in you when winter turns--turns to summer,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth--teeth,
I've learned to hate the Russians all through my whole life,
Where in youth's early dawn I was happy and free,
You angel, you, you got me under your wing,
Hoofbeats like castanets on stone,
Where he got him a job on a fishing boat docked outside Delacroix,
Cares not to come up any higher,
"Not me," says the boxing writer,
I'm leaving today,
A hand set the spark,
He said the name, Bojangles, and he danced a lick all across the cell,
They sat together in the park as the evening sky grew dark,
Crimson flames tied through my ears,
It's too bad that he had to go,
The wind blowing the snow around,
Well, it's march me away to the station with my suitcase in my hand,
If I shut myself off so I can't hear you cry,
Leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off the shelf,
Rubin Carter was a-falsely tried,
The cold-blooded moon, the captain waits above the celebration,
They say every man need protection,
Drinking, thinking that they got it made,
You've been through all of F. Scott Fitzgerald's books,
I could have left this town by noon,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like satin and silk,
Well, I don't dare close my eyes and I don't dare wink,
Hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in,
The night passed away so quickly,
Well, I wake up in the morning, fold my hands and pray for rain,
I couldn't see where we were going,
Make you spin or do you in,
Got a head full of ideas driving me insane,
In love and with kindness,
But I'm pledging my time to you,
I pity the poor immigrant who wishes he would've stayed home,
'Stead of slowing down the place, we keep a-picking up speed,
Yes, I know from darkness dreams are deserted,
Well, I asked for something to eat - I'm hungry as a hog,
I'm beginning to hear voices and there's no one around,
And he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin,
Send for the doctor, who pull down the shade,
Build me a cabin in Utah,
It's the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit,
Seven by seven they headed for heaven,
Well, I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive,
Rainy days on the Great Lakes, walking the hills of old Duluth,
Well, if you don't want to see me,
No, it ain't in the rumors people're telling you,
Oh, honey baby, don't leave me now,
Now, when you go home, you don't have to get along,
They'll stone and they'll be back for more,
When I saw that my partner was just being friendly,
Trails of troubles, toads of battles,
Don't put on any airs when you're down on Rue Morgue Avenue,
Oh, you been with the professors, they've all liked your looks,
And they'll raise their hands, saying, "We'll meet all your demands",
Many a gamble has been lost and won,
There's a way to get there and I'll figure it out somehow,
Samantha Brown lived in my house for about four or five months,
Admit that the waters around you have grown,
And, no matter how you try, you just can't say it,
The wicked know no peace and you just can't fake it,
He hands you a nickel, then he hands you a dime,
Turn to broken-down slums and trash-can alleys,
She had sweethearts plenty and men of high degree,
She speaks a-with a stutter and she walks with a hop,
I get up in the morning, but it's too early to wake,
Yeah, and--well, I'm not gonna tell you why that is,
For all those who have eyes and all those who have ears,
But he can't be blamed,
When you're gone--when you're gone, I will dream a little, I will dream as years go by,
Can't remember what I was thinking of, you might be spoiling me too much, love,
You suddenly find you got nothing to fear,
Can't turn back, you can't come back, sometimes we push too far,
Won't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold,
And the other starts slipping and the feeling is gone,
Tombstone bay dog can't get it done,
Well, children cry for mother, I tell 'em, "Mother took a trip",
Nine by nine they drank the wine,
Relationships of ownership,
And make promises by the hours,
You can bust your feet, you can rock this joint,
For Halloween buy her a trumpet and for Christmas buy her a drum,
Oh, fare thee well, my own true love,
She never does me wrong,
Gon' walk down that dirt road till someone lets me ride,
A change in the weather can be extreme,
Stone you and they'll say that it's the end,
They can exalt you up or bring you down bankrupt,
And ride a horse along the trail,
In the ruins of your balcony,
And I've never gotten used to it, I've just learned to turn it off,
Look on over yonder. Cut the engines, change the sail,
New morning,
Do what the captain says, lotta medals you will get,
I've been all around the world, boys,
You say I'm a gambler, you say I'm a pimp,
Whether he lost or whether he won, to him it was always the same,
Every lady in the land told him lies,
Now and then there's a fool--a fool such as I,
Trouble in the city, trouble in the farm,
You're the only thing alive that keeps me going,
Hear the one with the mustache say, "Jeez,
No matter what happens to me, no matter what my destiny,
Watch out, Lester, take it, Blue,
I met a young child beside a dead pony,
Mama, wipe the blood outta my face,
When all will be well,
There's a whole lotta people in trouble tonight from the disease of conceit,
Don't know what to do without it,
I can't be good, baby,
I run the tape back in my mind wondering if I took the wrong road somewhere,
He saw an animal up on a hill chewing up so much grass until he was filled,
"It's too bright a light," he said, "for anybody's eyes,
You don't want a love that's pure,
All I seemed to be doing was climb,
Got a little girl, her name is Ball,
The rebels they shot and shelled,
I'm old Tom Moore from the bummers' shore in the good old, golden days,
You may like to gamble, you might like to dance,
And the breeze will cease to be breathing,
The glamour and the bright lights and the politics of sin,
I'd ask him what the matter was,
I don't wanna be a fool that's starving for affection,
Ah, my friends from the prison, they ask unto me,
Papa's in the big house, his working days are through,
People disagreeing everywhere you look, makes you wanna stop and read a book,
She saw that hanging branch a-bending,
Cat's in the well, leaves are starting to fall,
All I know is that I'm thrilled by your kiss,
Might have drugs at your command, women in a cage,
I been walking the road, I've been living on the edge,
She was working in a topless place and I stopped in for a beer,
The cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down,
Broken words never meant to be spoken,
Well, they'll stone you when you're trying to be so good,
I had a pony, her name was Lucifer,
I couldn't see how you could know me,
Steps going down into tattoo land,
This place ain't doing me any good,
And I won't let go and I can't let go,
Don't let me drift too far,
By His truth I can be upright, by His strength I do endure,
Where her cape of the stage once had flowed,
Tell-tale heart will show itself to anybody near,
To hide 'neath a hood,
The country doctor rambles,
Well, I need a woman to take my own,
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly,
Heading out for the East Coast - Lord knows, he's paid some dues getting through,
There was snow all winter and no heat, revolution was in the air,
Oh, see what you can do,
That fellow who never blushes,
Yes, the wedding bells're ringing and the choir's beginning to sing,
You see me on the street, you always act surprised,
Slap that drummer with a pie that smells,
You can run down to the desert,
Handy-dandy, just like sugar and candy,
If the bible is right, the world will explode,
Well, the night is so empty, so quiet and still,
He's dressed up like a squire, bootlegged whiskey in his hand,
Mama, take this badge off of me,
There's a woman on my lap and she's drinking champagne,
Feed you coconut bread, spice buns in bed,
Here's to Cisco, and Sonny, and Leadbelly too,
They'll stone you when you are young and able,
Invading my privacy and making my decisions for me,
Please see if her hair hangs long,
Be careful of the clean clothes,
Flashing for the warriors whose strength is not to fight,
Adios, mi corazon,
It was from her ship sailing,
Your back is straight, your hair is smooth on the pillow where you lie,
Well, I just do what I'm told, so I did it of course,
When God and man will be reconciled,
Next to come in was the bumbly bee, uh-huh,
Here's the story of the "Hurricane",
Each one of them suffering from the failures of their day,
There was Poker Bill, one of the boys who was always in a game,
Well, I just been to the baggage car where the engineer's been tossed,
It's rising up above my head,
Broke her heart, lost my own,
Got out of bed and put his clothes back on, pushed back the blind,
Businessmen, they drink my wine, plowmen dig my earth,
When you've decided that you've had enough,
Well, my captain, he's decorated, he's well schooled, and he's skilled,
Don't let her hear,
Light yourself a candle,
Crickets talking back and forth in rhyme,
Resent him to the bone,
It ain't no use in turning on your light, babe,
Let the wind blow low and the wind blow high,
I got shoved down, got pushed around,
Maybe when we both get sober,
Rubin's in South America, fighting for his name,
I rode all day and I'll ride all night and I'll overtake my lady,
Temptation's page flies out the door,
Give what I got until I got no more,
Well, George Lewis told the Englishman, the Italian, and the Jew,
Dad's in the hallway looking hard for the fuze,
But the enemy I see wears a cloak of decency,
It's making you mad, it's making you mean,
Nobody feels any pain tonight as I stand inside the rain,
We ducked inside the doorway as thunder went crashing,
Got no place to fade, got no coat,
Now, from Boston to Birmingham is a two-day ride,
You're gonna have to leave me now, I know,
'Cause you look and you start getting the chills,
There's a new day at dawn and I've finally arrived,
But all the while he was alone, the past was close behind,
I went down in my praying ground, fell on my bended knee,
Yes, I want you so bad,
The ghetto that you build for me is the one you're living in,
My dear, sweet friend,
If you wanna have a picnic, that's up to you,
The cloak-and-dagger dangles,
See for me that her hair's hanging down,
Winterlude, Winterlude, my little apple,
With his ticket stub still in his hand,
I ain't no monkey, but I know what I like,
And there is no one there to dry your tears,
The fiddler, he now steps to the road,
There's always been people that have to cause fear,
Can't find what I need,
My sweetheart was a brakeman and it ain't no joke,
He rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door, uh-huh,
Well, the devil's shining light, it can be most blinding,
Roses are red, violets are blue,
Well, you walk into the room like a camel and then you frown,
I said, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I said, oh, babe, I'm in the mood for you,
Hot chili peppers in the blistering sun,
'Cause you can't find it on a dollar bill,
You think she's yours to have and to hold,
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more,
One day you'll be in the grave, flies buzzing around your eyes,
Tattooed my babies with a poison pen,
There's guns across the river aiming at you,
Now, play that low and pick it up,
Too noble to neglect,
Well, he got no allies to really speak of,
"Oh, I'm sailing away, my own true love,
With great lawyers you've discussed lepers and crooks,
I saw you drift into infinity and come back again,
Babe, please come crawl out your window,
I have gold chains and the finest I have,
Maybe someday you'll find out everybody's somebody's fool,
For Halloween give her a trumpet and for Christmas buy her a drum,
All I really wanna do,
"Get down, get down, love Henry," she cried,
And to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger,
Just got back from a city, city of red skies,
Stick with me, baby, stick with me anyhow,
I am a man of constant sorrow,
And my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold,
While we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay,
They lowered him down as a king,
Into your eyes, where the moonlight swims,
Thunder rolling over Clarksdale, everything looking blue,
The boulevards of cypress trees, the masquerade of birds and bees,
And it's like I ain't here,
I lived with them on Montague Street in a basement down the stairs,
Cat's in the well, the wolf is looking down,
Four in the morning and they haul Rubin in,
When there is no more,
I tried to be loving and treat you kind,
I heard the sound of a thunder that roared out a warning,
Oh, her skirt, it swayed as the guitar played,
Whatever you gonna do please do it fast,
So I got those worries blues,
You could look at it and weep,
Bow down to her on Sunday, salute her when her birthday comes,
Sister Jacqueline, sister Carmela, and mother Mary all did weep,
Well, the way I love that woman,
One more night the stars are in sight,
Well, you know--even before I learned her name,
I put down my robe, I picked up my diploma,
Working for a system I couldn't understand or trust,
Can lead to hundred-dollar plates,
And on the highway of regret,
Automobile coming into style,
I picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes,
Meanwhile far away in another part of town,
Say for me that I'm alright, though new things come and go,
He shook his head and then he shook his head, I heard someone ask him, "Please,
To push fake morals, insult, and stare,
Hold your bad-luck hand, babe, hold your bad-luck hand,
Daddy's in the hallway looking for the fuze,
Till one day my brother failed to come home,
So glad,
The sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way,
And that the ladder of law has no top and no bottom,
Ain't no shortcuts, gonna dress in drag,
You are right from your side and I'm right from mine,
That they do not respect in any degree,
Sometimes my burden is more than I can bear,
Wintertime is coming, the windows are filled with frost,
I'm singing love's praises with sugarcoated rhyme,
It didn't seem like much was happening, so I turned it off and went to grab another beer,
Well, I got a woman five feet short,
In another I witnessed a crime,
The tragic figure. her sister did shout,
When I was deep in poverty, you taught me how to give,
He knew the deal was a-down and dirty,
All them prophets good and gone,
No llores, mi querida, Dios nos vigila,
Oh, princess on the steeple and all the pretty people,
You should not treat me like a stranger,
Living in the land of Nod,
Me and Magdalena on the run,
High police walked on to Stack-A-Lee, he was lying fast asleep,
Early one morning the sun was shining, I was a-laying in bed,
The iron ore poured as the years passed the door,
For me He was chastised, for me He was hated,
Come, baby, shake me, come, baby, take me, I would be satisfied,
With my head bowed down to my shoes,
As majestic bells of bolts struck shadows in the sounds,
The Yankee built boats to shoot them rebels,
You harbor resentment, you know that ain't too much of a thrill,
Yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong, deadly foe,
Nothing is better, nothing is best,
The man there said he loved my sound,
I was thinking 'bout turquoise, I was thinking 'bout gold,
Well, I got here following the Southern Star,
I begun to think what a deed I'd done,
Love you more than madness, more than dreams upon the sea,
"Your waist is light and slender, your fingers neat and small,
The country music station plays soft,
Yesterday's gone, but the past live on,
Wiggle till you're high, wiggle till you're higher,
If fire them we're forced to, then fire them we must,
I went into the red, went into the black,
If I--I didn't have to guess,
Oh, some of us will wind up in St. Cloud Prison,
Keep all your trouble or give it to the blind,
But I never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell,
There's a lone soldier on the hill, watching 'fore them raindrops pour,
And you fake just like a woman,
And, if I pass this way again, you can rest assured,
When you think that you've lost everything,
You say you're shaking and you're always a-breaking, but you know how hard you try,
And You chosen me to be among the few,
Well, my heart's in the Highlands at the break of day,
Got me a secret membership card,
My clothes are wet, tight on my skin,
Going,
Woke up this morning and I looked at the same old page,
Might like to wear cotton, might like to wear silk,
Look out your window, I'll be gone,
Now, the man on the stand, he wants my vote,
The ocean wild like an organ played, the seaweeds wove its strands,
Yeah, ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street,
I believe I'm fixing to die,
If I see and don't say, if I look right through you,
Staying far behind without you,
Don't use no green or rotten wood - they'll get you by the smoke,
Just like bait in the fish's mouth,
Don't wanna hurt nobody, don't wanna be hurt,
Oh, Angelina,
Well, it's king for king and it's queen for queen,
Condemned to drift or else be kept from drifting,
He fine you a nickel, he fine you a dime,
Put your ear to the train tracks, put your ear to the ground,
When both of us, baby, were going though some kind of a test,
Heading out for the East Coast - Lord knows, I've paid some dues getting through,
Your mother says I'm a stranger,
We learn to live and then we forgive,
Ten thousand men looking so lean and frail,
Some things are too terrible to be true,
Farewell to the boardwalk that takes you to the screen,
He never done no wrong, he never done no wrong,
I'll buy you rope and twine,
Yesterday is just a memory,
If I could hear her heart a-softly pounding,
May be working in the wind down to the town,
Going home to stay, going home to stay,
"Without my uncle Rat's consent," - uh-huh,
My friends and my loved ones I'll leave, there's no doubt,
Strike another match, go start anew,
Is there something I can send you from across the sea,
And the midnight moon is on the riverside,
They'll stone you when you're trying to go home,
God knows there's a chance,
Well, the Southern Pacific leaving at 9:45,
I wanna be your lover, baby, I wanna be your man,
The cry of the peacock, flies buzz my head,
Ceiling fan broken, there's a heat in my bed,
Well, I was looking everywhere for them god-darned Reds,
The peddler now speaks to the countess who's pretending to care for him,
You think you know the smile on her lips,
You might be [incomprehensible] on the start,
They'll stone you when you're walking 'cross the floor,
The judge made Rubin's witnesses drunkards from the slums,
Don't let her see where you're going,
On this road I'm walking, on this trail I'm turning,
Move in next door, marry my daughter,
Well, howling wolf will howl tonight, a king snake will crawl,
A messenger arrived with a black nightingale,
On a night like this I'm so glad you came around,
Like the lion tears the flesh off of a man,
And I'll tell it and speak it and think it and breathe it,
But I did it because he lied, because he took you for a ride,
Long distance operator, please place this call, you know, it's not for fun,
There's an Iron Cross still hanging down from around her neck,
Well, I been looking at my shadow, I been watching the clouds up above,
Read books, repeat quotations,
Your sister sees the future like your mama and yourself,
God knows there's a purpose,
'Cause he sinned, I got no choice, it run in my vein,
I'm crossing the street to get away from a mangy dog,
Call girls in the doorway, all giving me the eye,
Shadows even the silver spoon,
A soldier sits beneath the fan, doing business a-with a tiny man, who sells him a ring,
I got those worried blues,
Stop your conversation when he passes on the street,
It all seemed so well-timed,
Resting in the fields, far from the turbulent space,
Every nerve is analyzed,
You drink bitter water on your bed, eating your bread of sorrow,
We paid no respect to their two bloody backs,
Her and her boyfriend went to California,
You have given me eyes to see,
Rock me, pretty baby, rock me all at once,
Time is a jet plane, it moves too fast,
Hmm, and I'm back in the rain,
Yes, I've been saved by the blood of the lamb - well,
Bound by her boredom, her pride to protect,
Trouble in the water, trouble in the air,
My mind, it was mangled. I ran into the night,
Circled by the circus sands,
And it ain't in the fifty-star generals and flipped-out phonies,
All day long I hear him cry so loud,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle till the moon is blue,
Seem like, every time you stop and turn around,
You know--so nasty and you're so bad,
It's a shadowy world, skies are slippery gray,
And them Caribbean winds still blow from Nassau to Mexico,
From the fireplace where my letters to you are burning,
It always means so much,
May be an actor in a plot,
Precious angel, you believe me when I say,
The man in me will hide sometimes to keep from being seen,
Santa Fe, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Santa Fe,
You can mislead a man, you can take a hold of his heart with your eyes,
I once held her in my arms,
So, if you got to go, it's alright,
No, but that ain't your game, it ain't your race,
She walked up to me so gracefully and she took my crown of thorns,
And it ain't no use in calling out my name, babe,
And Madonna, she still has not showed,
Where I'm bound I can't tell,
More people kept a-piling on,
I'm sick of love, I hear the clock tick,
They tell me everything is gonna be alright,
When a trembling, distant voice, unclear,
Oh, everybody that cares is going up the castle-stairs,
Well, I was sitting home alone and I started to sweat,
And to yourself you sometimes say,
Feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no whistle or bell,
I once loved a woman - a child, I'm told,
I can't speak the sounds to show no pain,
But one thing for certain: when it come my time,
You gotta look some other place,
You breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live,
The madman, he jumps up on the shelf,
So, never leave me lonely,
Thrown in like bandits and cast off like criminals,
One day you'll be in the ditch, flies buzzing around your eyes,
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna live in my pony-stall,
In one the surface was frozen,
They're throwing knives into the tree,
But you could tell she was so broken-hearted,
Farewell to the minutes they threaten you with it,
It's people's games you got to dodge,
Next animal that he did meet had wool on his back and hooves on his feet,
"Oh, son, you look so fine, I'm glad you're a son of mine,
Under the microscope,
I wonder if that old oak tree's still standing,
Hoping to get you behind a wood piling,
They're taking a streetcar named "Desire",
Talks to servants about man and God and law,
Big Joe Turner looking east and west from the dark room of his mind,
All of Rubin's cards were marked in advance,
I'm going back out 'fore the rain starts a-falling,
Badge out, laid off,
We live in a political world,
Is it really any wonder,
Who just happened to be feeling that way without warning,
Bullet holes and rifles in their cases,
And even you, yesterday, you had to ask me where it was at,
The priest wore black on the seventh day, sat stone-faced while the building burned,
I just wouldn't have a clue,
But I musta been mad, never knew what I had,
Well, the emptiness is endless, cold as the clay,
I'm going back out 'fore the rain starts falling,
Neighborhood bully, he just lives to survive,
And all of your children start to resent you,
You hurt the ones that I love best and cover up the truth with lies,
Spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move,
At pettiness, which plays so rough,
No, no, no, it ain't me, babe,
The backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair,
Well, the marriage vow, you know, it's very sacred,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle in your boots and shoes,
I don't want nothing from anyone, ain't that much to take,
Where the people are many and their hands are all empty,
Seen his family scattered, people hounded and torn,
Like a needle in a haystack, I'm gonna find you yet,
Seeking out the poorer quarters where the ragged people go,
Icicles hanging down,
Your daddy, he's an outlaw and a wanderer by trade,
Let the smell of wildflowers flow free through my blood,
She looked at him, he felt a spark tingle to her bones,
Everything went from bad to worse, money never changed a thing,
And the rocks on the sand will proudly stand,
May you stay forever young,
Baby, please stop crying,
And she wakes a-just like a woman,
Oh, tell my baby sister not to do what I have done,
Time and love has branded me with its claws,
People talk over situations,
Scratch your dad, do that bird,
I know I've seen that face somewhere, Big Jim was thinking to himself,
Look away, you rolling river,
And the locusts sang with that high, whining trill,
The priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone-faced while the building burned,
Pistol-shots ring out on a barroom night,
Well, he jabbed him again and loudly said,
Saying over her shoulder, "We'll meet again someday on the avenue,
Well, everybody's building their boats,
Mostly when I'm all alone,
Oxford Town around the bend,
I just don't know what I'm gonna do,
Saw you drift into infinity and come back again,
Analyze you, categorize you,
I ain't afraid of confusion no matter how thick,
Well, if you can't quit your sinning,
Each time we meet, love,
Poverty and shame was theirs,
So I drifted down to New Orleans where I lucky was to be employed,
Maybe I'd'a saved some life that been lost,
But I got to be going now 'cause I'm so dissatisfied,
I went into the city, into the town,
I paid fifteen million dollars, twelve hundred and seventy-two cents,
Disillusioned words a-like a-bullets bark,
Because he has denied himself the things that you can't live without,
And I hope that you die and your death will come soon,
I'm just gonna let you pass,
I sung the song slowly as she stood in the shadows,
Handy-dandy, handy-dandy, just like sugar and candy,
Went back home to the yard,
Makes no difference where she's been,
To stay closer than any friend,
Outside of the gates the trucks were unloading,
The ones that wheel and deal and whirl and twirl,
But they'll pinch themselves and squeal and they'll know that it's for real,
God knows you ain't pretty,
When just then a passing stranger burst upon the scene,
Get behind me on my horse and we'll ride off together,
When I seen him lose control,
Stone you when you're trying to make a pass,
And their old, rusty rapiers that hung by their sides,
I've been deceived by the clown inside of me,
The soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner thinking of forbidden love,
God knows it's fragile,
She's opened up a happy home,
And you wouldn't know it would happen like this,
And you make love just like a woman,
No more driver's lash for me, no more, no more,
Someday, little girl, everything for you is gonna be new,
Ain't no use jiving, ain't no use joking,
He cocked his rifle and began to shout,
Simplify you, classify you,
But there's nothing-really nothing to turn off,
But now we've got weapons of a-chemical dust,
Soon as a man is born, you know, the sparks begin to fly,
My comrades, they all loved me well - a jolly, saucy crew,
Ring them bells for all of us who are left,
I'm avoiding the south side the best I can,
Well, he puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks,
And another soldier's deep in prayer,
There's a soft cotton dress on the line hanging dry,
These be seven curses on a judge so cruel,
I tried three times to quit him, but he did argue so,
Samantha Brown lived in my house for 'bout four or five months,
I am just a poor boy, baby, trying to connect,
The handmade blade, the child's balloon,
Oh, set me down on a television floor,
I'm stuck here on the ground where the cold winds blow,
And if I could only hear her heart a-softly pounding,
Well, John the Baptist, after torturing a thief,
Ring them bells for the time that flies,
They'll stone you when you try to take a bath,
And, if I see the day,
Well, meet me, Jesus, meet me,
And I--I walk out on my own,
We take great delight in our own company,
I believe in you when white turn to black,
She's begging to know what measures he now will be taking,
Frankie pulled out a pistol, pulled out a .44,
I've never forgotten her eyes,
Who's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin,
God don't call it wrong,
Someone to close his hear,
And the night blows rainy,
Carved next to his name,
It blows their minds a-most a-bitterly,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a swarm of bees,
There's been rumors of war and wars that have been,
You know, I love her, yeah, I love her,
Buy me a flute and a gun that shoots, tailgates and substitutes,
They say everything can be replaced,
I came to a high place of darkness and light,
Well, the neighborhood bully, he's just one man,
"And the same to you, gentlemen," we did reply,
No time to choose when the truth must die,
Got to hurry on back to my hotel room,
No younger than twelve, no older than seventeen,
Ooh, you want watered-down love,
You hand in your ticket and you go watch the geek,
Well, it may be the devil or it may be the Lord,
Oh, the gates are cast iron and the walls are barbed wire,
You give me the blues, I guess you're satisfied,
Spend the night with some sweet senorita,
I took my potatoes down to be mashed,
Don't wanna be used by nobody for a doormat,
Larry was the oldest, Joey was next to last,
Go 'head and talk about him because he makes you doubt,
Jokerman, dance to the nightingale tune,
Wise man looking in a blade of grass,
Poor boy dressed in black,
All day long I hear him shouting loud,
Three by three, it don't set on me,
To show me the kinda love that don't have to be condemned,
You know I know the sun will always shine,
Well, there's black smoke rising, Lord,
Ring down when you're ready, baby, I'm waiting for you,
Don't need a shot of whiskey help me be president,
Or was it a day? I truly don't know -,
Get dressed, get blessed,
He woke up and she was gone, he didn't see nothing but the dawn,
Up stepped the sheriff from Thomasville,
Since you've been gone,
How did I meet you?--I don't know,
If not for you, my sky would fall,
Far between sundown's finish and midnight's broken toll,
All the gold and silver being stolen away,
And you can hitchhike on the highway,
The police department hounded him and called him "Mr. Smith",
You have laid down Your life for me,
Yes, and you, I see you're still with her. Well,
Don't wanna defeat nobody if already been defeated,
You can tell her that I had to change my plans and cancel out the wedding-day,
Whole lotta people crying tonight from the disease of conceit,
Larry was the oldest, Joey was a-next to last,
When I met you, baby, you didn't show no visible scars,
I return to the Queen of Spades, talk with her chambermaid,
Daddy's in the alley looking for the fuze,
As I was out walking on the corner one day,
But the bottles are done,
Now, I'm starting to drain, my stool's gonna squeak,
If I got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front,
Without a dream in my heart,
Poor boy never say die,
Poor boy 'neath the stars that shine,
When destruction cometh swiftly and there's no time to say a fare-thee-well,
You're gonna have to serve somebody,
Yes, I went down to the beanery at half past twelve,
Feel the pulse and vibration and the rumbling force,
Come gather round, people, wherever you roam,
If your memory serves you well, we were going to meet again and wait,
And he drifted down to New Orleans where they treated him like a boy,
They say every man must fall,
The Communists was a-coming around,
Two by two, to another rendezvous,
I've known it from the moment that we met,
And recently you've thought you've seen it all,
Fill it with new-made corn mash and never more you'll toil,
Sara, oh, Sara, Scorpio Sphinx in a calico dress,
You're the reason I'm a-traveling on,
Peggy Day stole my poor heart away,
As the echo of the wedding bells, before the blowing rain,
Pressing on,
And you're scared to your soul you just might forget it,
Well, I been gambling so long,
Ancient footprints are everywhere,
Come gather 'round, people, wherever you roam,
That come knocking and tapping in Christmas wrapping,
Loyalty, unity,
Masters of the bluff and masters of the proposition,
And with all the ship's company they were willing to engage,
Working for a while in an airplane plant loading cargo onto a truck,
Well, there's a-fighting in the valley,
People tell me it's a crime to remember her for too long a time,
All your loved ones have walked out of the door,
Come, mothers and fathers throughout the land,
Sorry if I hurt you, baby, sorry if I did,
Well, they're going to the country, they're gonna retire,
Intercedes for you 'stead of casting you blame,
He's got a new one out now, I don't even know what it's about,
It's the last temptation, the last account,
Human gods aim for their mark,
Might be a conductor flagging down a train,
Now, I wish to my soul that I had seven years, uh-huh,
Into my own parade,
Well, there ain't no going back,
The human mind can only stand so much,
And the locusts sang, yeah, it give me a chill,
Two by two they stepped into the ark,
I can tell you fancy, I can tell you plain,
Now there's spiritual warfare, flesh and blood breaking down,
I'm gonna stop at Carmangale and keep on going,
While paupers change possessions,
They sat together in the park as the evening sky got dark,
Stripping away at it all,
The lights on my native land are glowing,
Neighborhood bully, standing on a hill,
You can gaze on the Capitol Dome,
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna change things in the town,
You have many contacts out there among the lumberjacks,
I've given up the game, I've got to leave,
But I'm pressing on,
Old Reilly stole a stallion,
The wounded man looks up through his one, dying eye,
Father of day, father of night,
Well, the captain, he is dead, our captain, he is dead,
A saxophone someplace far off played as she was walking on by the arcade,
The wind howls like a hammer,
Oh, the moon is shining bright, lighting everything in sight,
Wanna thank You, Lord,
Babe, come crawl out your window,
She'll surely turn to white,
He was just a blue-eyed Boston boy,
Come and listen for a moment, lads, and hear me tell my tale,
She said she would never forget,
Someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press,
Well, I'm groaning in the hallway, pretty soon I'll be mad,
Alfred Bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops,
So much oppression, can't keep track of it no more,
Forever young, forever young,
When you're sad and when you're lonely and you haven't got a friend,
Too much information about nothing, too much educated rap,
Well, the medicine man come and then he shuffles inside,
You may be somebody's mistress, may be somebody's heir,
Well, yonder stands Little Maggie with a dram-glass in her hand,
But me, I'm still on the road, a-heading for another joint,
And I'm so glad,
Unless you been inside a tunnel and fell down sixty-nine, seventy feet over a barbed-wire fence,
Yonder down here in this lonely crowd,
From the dirty, old mess hall you march to the brick wall,
Well, the leaves are rustling in the wood, things are falling off of the shelf,
You took a part of me that I really miss,
The ladies down in Darktown, they're doing the Darktown strut,
The thrill and the touch of her fingertips,
Father of night, father of day,
And the table's full and overflowed,
Don't you remember me, babe?  I remember you quite well,
And the sun will respect every face on the deck,
With a time-rusted compass blade,
The evening dust was rolling, I's a-walking down the track,
They're drinking and dancing, wearing bright-colored clothes,
Written by an Italian poet from the fifteenth century,
But your good man ain't a-coming home, you better understand,
Mine've been like Verlaine's and Rimbaud's,
They run to the water their buckets to fill,
Got a little girl, she stays upstairs,
Seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of me,
Somebody got murdered on New Year's Eve,
There's a song that will linger forever in our ears,
Beating for the dead that rise,
Like the stillness in the wind before the hurricane begins,
Maybe someday you'll have nowhere to turn,
Now, to her death is quite romantic, she wears an iron vest,
But I was feeling a little bit scattered and your love was all that mattered,
I met my little Sadie and I brought her down,
Find it on the doorsteps made of papier mache,
As we listened one last time and we watched with one last look,
She said, "Don't you tell Henry,
I had 'em once though, I suppose, to go along with all the ring-dancing Christmas carols on all the Christmas Eves,
She cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed,
I'm a sweet bourbon daddy and tonight I am blue,
Well, my pa he died and left me, my brother got killed in the war,
God knows when,
She went into the tailor shop and dressed in men's array,
Well, well, well, so I can die easy,
"Those are the hills of hell-fire, my love,
But the thing that scared me most, when my enemy came close,
Eh, see what you can do,
I woke up on the roadside daydreaming about the way things sometimes are,
Sure gonna be wet tonight on Main Street,
I been shooting in the dark too long, when something's not right, it's wrong,
The triangle tingles, the music plays slow,
Crash on the levee, mama, water's gonna overflow,
Then, when we meet again, introduced as friends,
But, what'd I do? I let it slip through,
My limbs are shaking,
The kingdoms of experience,
But it would not be new,
Went to my window, babe, I couldn't see through my blinds,
Courage is a thing of the past,
What will your mother say to know you're going away,
Just don't put on any airs when you're down on Rue Morgue Avenue,
Oh, the hours that I've spent inside the Colosseum,
Every head is so dignified,
Carry the New York Times,
Frankie went down to Twelfth Street, look up through the window high,
He had a job in the old North Woods working as a cook for a spell,
And it's ride, a-Willie, ride,
Well, my ship's been split to splinters and it's sinking fast,
And all your dreams have vanished and you don't know what's up the bend,
When I peeked out from a manhole cover,
You got the crazy rhythm when you walk,
Everybody's just standing 'round 'neath the trees feeding pigeons on a limb,
I still believe she was my twin, but I lost the ring,
I don't wanna straight-face you,
That old ship was sinking down in the water,
"Don't you remember, ma, when I went off to war,
On the stone that remains,
And, though I don't ask for much, no material things to touch,
House on fire, debts unpaid,
How does it feel,
Here comes the blind commissioner, they've got him in a trance,
Them playing leapfrog and hearing about Snow White,
Comes right outta nowhere and you're down for the count,
Didn't come close to a mountain,
If I had wings and I could fly, I know where I would go,
Well, I'm standing in line in the rain to see a movie starring Gregory Peck,
To wait for your future like a horse that's gone lame,
This wheel's on fire, 's rolling down the road,
I can hear your trembling heart beat like a river,
Don't know how it all got started, don't know what they're doing with their lives,
I saw you in the wilderness among the men,
I said, "My friend, John, Brigitte Bardot,
Social clubs in drag disguise,
Look, Mrs. Henry, there's only so much I can do,
Oh, but this old river keeps on rolling, though,
Inside the museums infinity's going up on trial,
He had the reputation as the gamblingest man around,
I wish I a-was a magician,
Maybe someday you'll see that it's true,
In the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode,
Over your senses you have no control,
Try hard, get barred,
He had a lovely daughter, the truth to you I'll tell,
By His grace I have been touched, by His word I have been healed,
Climb into the frame and shout God's name,
You're gon' quit me, baby,
For one more member, who had business back in town,
Till he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died,
Well, I'm strolling through the lonely graveyard of my mind,
It rots in a cell misguided as hell,
I don't wanna be a fool starving for affection,
Oh, Sarah Jane, Sarah Jane,
No, I have heard nothing about the man that you seek, Angelina,
Your grass is turning black, there's no water in your well,
Take my hand, take a-my whole life, too,
Well, I told my baby further down the line,
And I'm back in the rain,
"It's too bad he died that night,
It's just that I'll be sleeping soon and it'll be too dark for you to find the door,
Little by little you turn in the middle,
She's the worst you could ever have,
You know, I can't believe we've lived so long and are still so far apart,
It can't get you crazy no matter how many times you might get kicked,
And he was standing on the side of the road, rain falling on his shoes,
I'm a fool, yes, but I love you, dear, I'll love you, dear, until the day--until the day I die,
To shine in through,
Storm clouds are raging all around my door,
To find out if she's talked,
Not the whiskey-drinking Indian or the marine who went to war,
Papa writes to Johnny - Johnny can't come home,
Saying, "I don't know when I'll be coming back again,
It blows their minds most bitterly,
Judge and jury took their stand,
Freight train was the one taught me how to cry,
Winterlude, it's making me lazy,
It's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up,
Love don't have any place,
Your mind is your temple, keep it beautiful and free,
That you're tired of yourself and all of your creations,
She was the rose of Sharon from paradise lost,
Well, they got old Stack-A-Lee and they lied him right back in jail,
In the company of strangers, in the quiet of the railroad station running scared,
That'd ease you, dear lady, from going insane,
Now, it's day and night the irons clang and, like poor galley slaves,
Going down to see soft gut, going down some fun,
That could hold you, dear lady, from going insane,
The gypsy undertaker cries, the lonesome organ-grinder sighs,
A lover for your life and nothing more,
An eternal flame quietly burning,
Well, I'm leaving in the morning as soon as the dark clouds lift,
Woke up this morning feeling blue,
Don't let her see,
May you always a-be courageous, stand upright and be strong,
You came down on me like white thunder,
That long, black train is pulling on down,
There's a rumbling in the skies,
I've walked and I've crawled on six crooked highways,
I wish I could give Brother Bill his great thrill,
You know, I don't mind him cheating on me, but I sure wish he'd get that off his head,
I'm strumming on my gay guitar,
The meaning of the life has been lost in the wind,
White lilies never grow on stalks of clover,
You're a tearjerker, baby, but I'm under your spell,
They'll stone you when you try to be so brave,
And he spoke through his cloak, most deep and distinguished,
You'll look back and wonder 'bout the bridges you have burned,
Blackjack Davey come a-riding on by, whistling aloud and merry,
I heard one person starve, I heard many people laughing,
Yes, and only if my own true love was waiting,
Don't you tell Henry,
I need a shot of love,
It's undeniable what they'd have you to think,
You say my kisses are not like his,
I don't mean to say that she got nothing going,
Way down in some Tularosa alley,
And the lightning's a-flashing and the thunder's a-crashing,
It ain't in the cardboard-box house,
Let the wind blow low, let the wind blow high,
Ever since I been a child,
Watch the plain-clothes,
I know I love her, yeah, I love her,
"I could have married a king's daughter there,
Everybody's out there feeding the pigeons out on the limb,
Got all them buckets coming outta my ears,
They don't believe in mercy,
Don't even hear a murmur of a prayer,
I try my best to be like I am,
Like as not, it's better so,
I'm going back to Colorado,
Me, I'm still heading towards the sun, trying to stay outta the joint,
I've tried my best to love you, but I cannot play this game,
Boys in the street beginning to play,
Cat's in the well and the servant is at the door,
Give you idea that you're too good to die,
Seen you in the door-way, I seen you in the park,
Precious memories, how they linger,
Well, this Arabian doctor comes in, gives me a shot,
It always has hit me from below,
Yes, I walked all night long listening to them church bells tone,
He's out there preaching in front of the steeple,
And you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
I got this graveyard woman, you know, she keeps my kids,
Forget the dead you've left, they will not follow you,
Sweet Melinda, the peasants call her the "Goddess of Gloom",
Seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of you,
Well, it's sugar for sugar and it's salt for salt,
The winter would hold no spring,
"I know my waist is slender and my fingers, they are small,
I say goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street,
A magnificent mantelpiece, though its heart being chipped,
Bring the wife and family,
There's a wicked wind still blowing on that upper deck,
Ring them bells, ye heathen, from the city that dreams,
And give them kisses, one, two, three,
For the mistreated, mate-less mother, the mis-titled prostitute,
Just then the order came to charge,
A full-blooded Cherokee, he predicted it to me,
She wears an Egyptian ring, it sparkles before she speaks,
I went down to the lobby to make a small call out,
'Cause today I'll be staying here with you,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, you got nothing to lose,
I march in the parade of liberty,
To be alone with you,
She takes about fifteen baths a day,
You're the other half of what I am, you're the missing piece,
Keep your eyes wide - the chance won't come again,
The cavalries charged, then the Indians fell,
Well, it's way past midnight and there's a-people all around,
Oh, where is Little Maggie? Over yonder she stand,
Gonna get low-down, gonna fly high,
No more auction block for me, no more, no more,
It's too bad for his wife and kids he's dead,
And it ain't in the cream-puff hairdo or cotton-candy clothes,
Yeah, there ain't no going back,
You know I won't be next to you, you know I won't be near,
Feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery,
Going, going,
With hungry hearts through the heat and cold,
She turned around to look at him as he was a-walking away,
And it's all afternoon you remember your hometown,
Yeah, the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast,
Papa writes to Johnny - johnny can't come home,
I offered for salvation and they give me a lethal dose,
I seen the kingdoms of the world and it's making me feel afraid,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your jaw,
You're the reason I'm traveling on,
They are spoon-feeding Casanova to get him to feel more assured,
Well, it ain't no use in calling out my name, babe,
But I certainly don't want you thinking that I haven't got any respect,
Never slumbered or slept or waited for lightning to strike,
She was married when they first met to a man four times her age,
Well, I don't know how it happened, but the riverboat captain, he knows my fate,
You're gonna make me wonder what I'm doing,
They run a brick and tile company,
Even though my eyes are hazy and my thoughts, they might be narrow,
You never understood that it ain't no good,
If you throw it all away,
The haunted, frightened trees,
Now, the judge and the jury, they took their stand,
And lonesome comes up as down goes the day,
With great lawyers you have discussed lepers and crooks,
My flashlight's from Taiwan,
From silhouetted anger to manufactured peace,
Through the mad, mystic hammering of the wild, ripping hail,
Shadows are falling and I've been here all day,
And I don't want to drag you down,
Well, they'll stone you when you're walking on the street,
I'd taken the cure and had just gotten through,
You may be standing there with a tear in your eye,
Jailhouse ain't no plaything,
Well, as we marched down to Fennario,
Cat's in the well and papa is reading the news,
You got a lotta nerve to say you got a helping hand to lend,
Trusting their fate to the hands of God,
I'm exiled, you can't convert me,
I bless the day I found you,
With silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair,
Well, you can read out your Bible,
Kick my legs to crash it off,
She told me, though, that one day we would meet up again,
Or your eyes've turned filthy from the sight-blinding dirt,
Let's hear the story of the "Hurricane",
When the rivers freeze and summer ends,
She never stumbles, she's got no place to fall,
I can smile in the face of mankind,
Down the street the dogs are barking and the day is getting dark,
Fix me one more drink, baby, and hold me one more time,
I'd go hungry, I'd go black and blue,
When in a low whisper I heard something say,
You may call me R.J., you may call me Ray,
I know all about poison, I know all about fiery darts,
I was thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace,
Starting look on the sidewalk,
My conscience is beginning to bother me today,
When I left my home, the sky split open wide,
That somebody someplace oughtta be hearing,
One day they blew him down in a clam bar in New York,
It's a feeling that I just can't trace,
And all that you've held sacred falls down and does not mend,
Hmm, and you are on dry land,
I just can't do what I've done before,
Father of loneliness and pain,
Tell her not to worry,
And think they're fooling you,
Stack-A-Lee walked to the bar-room and he called for a glass of beer,
Then, when a letter finally came, saying, go down and meet the train,
And Miss Patty Valentine just nodded her head,
I ran into the fortune-teller, who said beware of lightning that might strike,
Couldn't imagine nothing else,
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I ain't gonna do nothing at all,
Fanning the flames on the furnace of desire,
Now I've just got to cut loose before it gets late,
Catfish, million-dollar-man,
Well, you bet on a horse and it, it ran the wrong way,
You can stand all alone by the side of the road,
You can smell the pine-wood burning, you can hear the school-bell ring,
Them charcoal gypsy maidens can strut their feathers well,
Oh, I'll give the land a little shock, remember what I say,
Well, the job that you used to have,
You wanna ramble, yeah, to the break of dawn,
Tough mama, meat shaking on your bone,
Well, it's four in the morning by the sound of the birds,
Hang on and go on out and gas that dog,
You say you love me and you're thinking of me, but you know you could be wrong,
"Down the corner by the hot dog stand,
Just to know that you are near,
May you grow up to be righteous, may you grow up a-to be true,
As I stepped to the stage to pick up my degree,
You hang the flame, you pay the price,
Little rooster crowing, there must be something on his mind,
Somewhere down the road some day,
Dream about you, baby,
Just like you I'm wondering what I'm doing a-here,
Buckets of moonbeams in my hand,
I woke up on the roadside daydreaming 'bout the way things sometimes are,
The answer is blowing in the wind,
I'm painting the town, swinging my partner around,
I'm in Boston town in some restaurant,
No gentleman likes making love to a servant,
Judge said to the jury, "Plain as a thing can be,
Tolling for the outcast, burning constantly at stake,
Oh, the years passed again and the giving was good,
Say hello to Valerie, say hello to Vivian,
Into her dark hall where she will lead you,
I bought myself a herd of moose, one day she could call it her own,
"Come along and take a trip,
I got to leave you, baby, before my heart will break,
Eh, and you are on dry land,
I broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty,
You know, you can make a name for yourself,
And high office relations in the politics of Maryland,
Never did get up and walk the floor,
Oh, when the night is disappearing,
Then, when I saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears,
When we meet again, introduced as friends,
Stares straight ahead and tries so hard to stay right,
The sun turned cold over President Street and the town of a-Brooklyn mourned,
On a night like this I can't get any sleep,
When you think you're too old, too young, too smart, or too dumb,
Smoky autumn night, stars up in the sky,
Her knees knock together walking down the street,
Trick on in, flower that smoll,
For she ain't the same,
I just wanna thank You, Lord,
Maybe someday you'll be satisfied,
But you try with your whole soul,
And I was standing on the side of the road, rain falling on my shoes,
They'd like to drive me from this town,
Neither one gonna turn and run,
Wintertime in New York town,
You got men who can't hold their peace, women who can't control their tongue,
Ten thousand men on a hill,
Well, first to come in was the flying moth, uh-huh,
To try and make me change my mind and stay,
Who've lost all ray of hope,
They'll stone you when you're riding in your car,
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men,
Stabbing my picture with a bowie-knife,
You need a Greyhound bus that don't bar no race,
I heard some footsteps by the front porch door,
I blowed inside out and upside down,
I don't care how many letters they sent, morning came and morning went,
Yes, to dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free,
The carpet too is moving under you,
'Stead of going back off to sea and leaving me to meditate,
God bless them pretty women, I wish they was mine,
Look at my skin shine, look at my skin glow,
The past don't control you, but the future's like a roulette wheel spinning,
Well, he puts his cigar out your face just for kicks,
Because he can't be exploited by superstition anymore,
Someone got a hold of my heart,
Get born, keep warm,
My right hand drawing back while my left hand advances,
Well, sometimes I might get drunk,
If I pass this way again, you can rest assured,
Quick, Magdalena, take my gun,
You wanna ramble, uh, to the break of dawn,
Made the woods around him ring and he charmed the heart of a lady,
I looked at a ho and I saw a mule,
You need something to open your eyes,
A true love of mine,
Now, his bread, it was corn dodger and his meat you couldn't chaw,
And furnish me with tape,
You can listen to my story, you can listen to my song,
Well, I can't understand,
May you build a ladder to the stars and climb on every rung,
Five by five they tried to survive,
To her death is quite romantic, she wears an iron vest,
I would set him in chains at the top of the hill,
You may be a businessman or some high-degree thief,
That can do what's a-never been done,
The line, it is drawn, the curse, it is cast,
Last night 'cross the alley there was a pounding on the wall,
True love of mine,
I've been around this whole country,
When you've lost everything, you'll have nothing left to hide,
I'm not asking you to say words like "yes" or "no",
Sky full of fire, pain pouring down,
I went out last night to take a little round,
So, I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long,
The roving gambler was a-very bored,
You have explained every mystery,
Feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no drive at all,
When you're through running over things like you're walking 'cross the tracks,
That long, black train is pulling down,
Father of cold and father of heat,
Lawman on your trail, he'd like to catch you,
Oh, in somebody's room,
I see your lover man coming, coming 'cross the barren field,
Combing his hair back, his future looks thin,
They wished you'd accepted the blame for the farm,
Will not deceive you or lead you into transgression,
The dogs and pigeons fly up and they flutter around,
There's only one road and it leads to Calvary,
You know, I don't mind him cheating on me, but I sure wish he'd take that off his head,
I believe in you even on the morning after,
And for each unharmful, gentle soul misplaced inside a jail,
And it ain't in the seats of a supper club,
So, if you find someone who gives you all of her love,
In the little church a-this side of town,
When Ruthie says come see her in her honky-tonk lagoon,
Your brain is bleeding and your legs can't seem to stand,
The ghost of our old love has not gone away,
Two by two they step in the dark,
They sang "Danny Boy" at his funeral and the Lord's Prayer,
With the juice running down my leg,
I've dealt with your boss, who'd never known about loss,
Lady Luck, who shines on me, will tell you where I'm at,
Stand up straight and tall,
I couldn't imagine doing anything else,
Your baby's eyes look crazy, they're tugging at your sleeve,
China doll, alcohol,
They keep it all hid,
I went to church on Sunday and she passed by,
But me, I'm still on the road, heading for another joint,
Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man, play a song for me,
I'm so glad,
Isis, oh, Isis, you're a mystical child,
With a dream of beauty that they cannot take away,
The hysterical bride in the penny arcade,
I left my life with you somewhere back there along the line,
She was there in the meadow where the creek used to rise,
Well, you never miss your water till your well runs dry,
Though you might hear laughing, spinning, swinging madly across the sun,
Heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men,
I went down to scrub and rub,
And he's taught how to walk in a pack,
On the very next day with a nose full of pus,
Steps into your room, eats into your soul,
I got to know, babe, if it's you I'm wanting,
That spot that you're standing, that space that you're sitting,
Someday you'll learn when her love grows cold,
You just kinda wasted my precious time,
They say, in your father's house there's many mansions,
Rosemary started drinking hard and seeing her reflection in the knife,
Well, I gaze at passing strangers in case I might see you,
Cast down from heaven and he's out of his head,
I'll buy you a diamond ring,
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more,
If I turn a deaf ear to the thundering sky,
Footprints running 'cross a silver sand,
Curtis in the jailhouse drinking from an old tin cup,
And the ladies treat me kindly and they furnish me with tape,
Wiggle till you vomit fire,
That must be what it's all about,
Well, there's too much of nothing--can cause a man to weep,
Poor boy in the hotel called the "Palace of Gloom",
You'll change your last name, too,
Blind man breaking out of a trance,
Who will promise never to part,
In the summertime, oh, in the summertime,
Well, they ventured out behind the line and took five prisoners,
Far away in the stormy night,
Short pants, romance, learn to dance,
Exchanging all precious gifts,
Goodbye's too good a word, babe,
God knows how to make it flow,
Trouble,
I got the worried blues,
You can see the writing on the wall inviting the trouble,
So, if you gotta go, it's alright,
Well, I heard the hoot owl singing as they were taking down the tents,
Took her by the hand and my heart was thumping,
We are covered in blood, girl, you know, both our forefathers were slaves,
He got sweet gift of gab, he got harmonious tongue,
Something is burning, baby, here's what I say,
Pardon me if I'm sentimental when we say goodbye,
The day would surely have to break,
Exchanging all precious gifts and things,
And, when the fight was over and Old Glory raised,
The conductor, he's weary, he's still stuck on the line,
In the space where the deuce and the ace once ran wild,
Whoa, come all without, come all within,
Strong men belittled by doubt,
You suddenly find you've got nothing to fear,
You always said people don't do what they believe in,
And they'll jerk from their beds and think they're dreaming,
But they can't help you none when there's trouble,
"No reason to get excited," the thief, he kindly spoke,
I'm in the wrong town, I should be in Hollywood,
Where beauty goes unrecognized,
May be sitting in a [incomprehensible] smoking pearl,
But, though the rules of the road have been lodged,
In the shadows of moonlight,
I landed up on the downtown side,
Sweat pouring down, I'm staring at the floor,
'Tis the song, the sigh of the weary,
Staying up for days in the Chelsea Hotel,
Your lips on mine are like sweet, sweet wine,
Well, if you wanna see the sunrise, honey, I know where,
I could be learning, you could be yearning to see behind closed doors,
I'm a good old boy, but I've been sniffing too many eggs,
Bankers' nieces seek perfection,
Well, it must be a holiday, there's nobody around,
Well, junk's piling up, taking up space,
The stage was set, the lights went out all around the old hotel,
Oh, my heart is sad 'cause I want you so bad,
There's not much more to be said, it's the top of the end,
Everybody knows that baby's got new clothes,
Now, when they came down to Canada scarcely about half a year,
To be so useless and all,
Rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town,
His old eyes deepened in his head,
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me,
Thinking 'bout Rosemary and thinking about the law,
They took his head and turned it inside out,
Now, too much of nothing can make a man a liar,
Maggie comes fleet-foot,
The next day was hanging day, the sky was overcast and black,
A change in the weather is always extreme,
It ain't no use in calling out my name, babe,
May be noisemaker, spirit-maker,
All I want for you to do is take my body home,
Well, the time will tell who has fell, who's been left behind,
In these times of compassion when conformity's in fashion,
In the foggy web of destiny,
There's guns across the river 'bout to pound you,
Outside of two men on the train tracks, there nobody in sight,
I'm a thousand years old, I'm a generous bomb,
When things go wrong, so wrong with you,
The jacks and the queens, they forsake the courtyard,
And, though the line is cut,
People going down to the ground,
Now, we heard the Sermon on the Mount and I knew it was too complex,
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back,
But I know that he don't talk,
Winterlude, Winterlude, oh, darling,
When the storm clouds gather 'round you and heavy rains descend,
I saw them leaving," he says and he stops,
Well, they'll stone you and say that it's the end,
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna leave my lonesome home,
I took you home from a party and we kissed in fun,
Step lightly from the ledge, babe,
Neighborhood bully, been driven out of every land,
I got my back to the sun 'cause the light is too intense,
Tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole,
'Cept the one that you can't see with your eyes,
One summer's day he came passing by,
You were snow, you were rain,
Nightclubs of the broken-hearted, stadiums of the damned,
'Bout all kinds of different gods, they have their point of view,
Stay away from the train line,
And she makes love just like a woman,
I moved in closer, got up on my toes,
He said, "That's alright, babe, I love you too,
They got mystery written all over their forehead,
And she aches just like a woman,
That every other day buy a new pair of sunglasses,
And I'm just like that bird,
Who dwells in our hearts and our memories,
Come down the [incomprehensible], don't leave me behind,
Somewhere Mama's weeping for her blue-eyed boy,
Stay right with it when the road unwinds,
Insanity is smashing up against my soul,
And ye shall be a-changed,
"Not I," said the referee,
Some people will offer you their hand and some won't,
Yes, I gaze at passing strangers in case I might see you,
God knows it's a crime,
I always thought you were straight, baby,
And it bothers you badly when you're laying in bed,
There was Ragshag Bill from Buffalo I never will forget,
Winterlude, let's go down to the chapel,
See the craters and the canyons and where the waterfalls run,
She leave by the other and roam,
Gonna take dancing lessons, do the jitterbug rag,
Clinging to strange promises, dying on the vine,
I snuck around the house with a huff and a hiss,
Man put us together, now, you wanna make it stick together,
Sister Jacqueline and Carmela and mother Mary all did weep,
That it's much cheaper down in the South American towns,
Giving back all of what you owe,
Ye shall be changed,
Well, You've done it all and there's no more anyone can pretend to do,
Went back to my backyard,
Since I'm'a never cease to roam,
Oh, my name, it ain't nothing, my age, it means less,
Yeah, but I would not feel so all alone,
You got your rabbit's foot, you got your good-luck charm,
Some are mathematicians, some are carpenters' wives,
Down boulevards of broken cars,
I'm a long way from home and I miss my loved one so,
And your heart feels sick like fish when they're frying,
I can make it all match up, I can hold my own,
But it will be back in the same old spot again,
If you go when the snowflakes storm,
Some are building monuments, others are jotting down notes,
Like a complete unknown,
Now, I want you to know that, while you watched--discover that there was no one true,
Don't need a shot of heroin to kill my disease,
The train leaves at half past ten,
Idiot wind blowing like a circle around my skull,
I see the screws break loose, see the devil pounding on tin,
Then the letters ceased to come, for a long time they did not come,
And you - and you wish your situation be more drastic,
If'n you don't know by now,
And, though they could not produce the gun,
And the cockerels and the neighbors clap and cheer with each blast,
To leave his native country and his darling girl behind,
Any minute of the day the bubble could burst,
If these wings should fail me, Lord,
I heard his best friend, Frankie, say, "He ain't dead, he's just asleep",
With his businesslike anger and his bloodhounds that kneel,
Good as I been to you, Lord, Lord,
Ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue,
"Lie there, lie there, love Henry," she cried,
Turning and a-thrashing about,
Opened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion,
Talk about salvation, people suddenly get tired,
And my wig-hat was falling in my face,
I'm pledging my time to you,
You kiss me, baby, in the coffee shop,
You can say she'd better not wait for me, but don't tell her I'm in jail,
There's beauty in that rainbow in the sky,
Father of minutes, father of days,
That five walls cannot hide him,
They're all drinking, thinking they got it made,
I wish I'd have been a doctor,
We wanna put his ass in the stir,
There was pushing, there was shoving, and everybody ran,
There she come, now, down my way,
It's such a sad thing to see beauty decay,
As the night comes in falling, the dogs'll lose their bark,
I'm sure your mind is roaming,
And I don't really care, ooh, what happens next,
The man in the trench-coat,
Now, little boy lost, he takes himself so seriously,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a pail of milk,
To hate them and fear them, to run and to hide,
Well, I've already had two beers, I'm ready for the broom,
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot,
Her father would emphasize you got to be more than streetwise,
Well, I sent you my feelings in a letter,
I don't care if you analyze me,
She sees a bartender in a pool of blood,
You find God in the church of your choice,
I'm never, never far from home,
Broken lines, broken strings,
This couple, they got married, so well they did agree,
Is looking for a new fool,
Feel I'm knocking on heaven's door,
Got to have your own harem when you come in the door,
I seen a shooting star tonight slip away,
My ears are ringing, ringing like empty shells,
Mama, wipe the blood outta my eyes,
There's a long distance train rolling through the rain,
Well, my heart stopped beating, my hands turned cold,
It felt out of place, my foot in his face,
They put me on a train and they brought me back,
Till the tombstones of damage read no questions but, "Please,
Love that's pure, it don't make no false claims,
I believe in you even through the tears and the laughter,
So you can read out your hymn-book,
For the misdemeanor outlaw, chained and cheated by pursuit,
If the wine don't come to the top of your cup,
Men a-flying, fists a-flying, paper flying,
Fare thee well but for a while,
I started out on burgundy, but soon hit the harder stuff,
He tried to find a way back into the life he left behind,
Love is so simple, to quote a phrase,
Let me walk down the highway with my brother in peace,
Pacing 'round the room hoping maybe she'd come back,
Though her skirt, it swayed as the guitar played,
Come on, come on, stick together,
"Not me," said the boxing writer,
"Stop all this weeping and swallow your pride,
All the silver, all the gold,
Both were so glad to watch me destroy what I had,
The boiler busted and the whistler squalled,
But we never did too much talking anyway,
Just what you're gonna say when you get home,
Alfred Bello laid this rap on the cops,
I threw it all away,
Delia's daddy weeped, Delia's mama moaned,
This is the key to the kingdom and this is the town,
No, no, no, it sure ain't me, babe,
Santa Fe, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Santa Fe,
There's always another stranger sneaking glances,
To be without a home,
Yes, but I would not feel so all alone,
Listen to me, baby, there's something you must see,
For the lonesome-hearted lovers with too personal a tale,
Had a dream about you, baby,
Well, what will your mother say, what will your mother say,
I'm going where the chilly winds don't blow,
You're the queen of my flesh, girl, you're my woman, you're my delight,
But they'll pinch themselves and squeal wnd they'll know that it's for real,
I been good,
There's none but Jack the sailor would have this heart of mine,
Every step of the way we walk the line,
Couldn't even see the floor,
I don't care about economy, I don't care about astronomy,
Babe, I couldn't find the door,
Might be reading "Art of Truth", might be outta luck,
Doctor, can you hear me? I need some Medicaid,
Don't think of me and fantasize on what we've never had,
Now, my mama always said, "Someday, true--you gotta follow your heart,
You were striped, you were plain,
But I would not feel so all alone,
Sugar baby, get on down the line, you ain't got no sense no how,
Looking at you and I'm on my bended knee,
And, as the yellow fog is lifting, the Greek is quickly heading for the second floor,
Where do you look for this candle that's glowing,
There was none but Jackie Frazier, her true love e'er to be,
He was an outlaw, that's for sure,
Well, the wind, it was howling and the snow was outrageous,
But you're drifting too far from shore, yeah,
Don't need a shot of codeine to help me to repent,
Tonight I lay on the river banks in the arms of Blackjack Davey,
Loaded deep as deep can be,
There's smoke on the water, it's a-been there since June,
My love, she speaks softly,
That her father was going to hang,
I don't build up illusion till it makes me sick,
Drinking white rum in a Portugal bar,
In a town without pity where the water runs deep,
Handy-dandy, he got a basket of flowers and a bag full of sorrow,
Nothing 'round here I care to try for, 'cept you, yeah, you,
There's a Man on a cross and He be crucified for you,
I'm on a rolling river in a jerking boat,
You made it there somehow,
Lord, I went to my window, babe, I couldn't see through my blinds,
"Not us," said the angry crowd,
I got up in the morning, looked under my bed,
Ring them bells for the blind and the deaf,
Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief,
The rats have got your flour, bad blood, it got your mare,
Well, my heart's in the Highlands, gentle and fair,
Pick you up every time you fall,
Stack-A-Lee turned to the jailer, he said, "Jailer, I can't sleep,
I'm sure your thoughts are not with me,
Come on, come on, let's stick together,
But me, I can't cover what I am,
She wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind,
You're going somewhere and so am I,
So I grabbed my shotgun from the floor,
Feeling funny in my eyes, Lord,
Once I had a sweetheart, she was fine and good-looking,
Blowing on down the backroads, heading south,
My weariness amazes me, I'm branded on my feet,
And you want somebody you don't have to speak to,
So many roads, so much at stake,
Though they could not produce the gun,
I noticed at the ceremony that you left your bags behind,
Got nothing for you, I had nothing before,
And so it did happen like it could have been foreseen,
The sweet, pretty things are in bed now of course,
I could feel the heat and the pulse of her as she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe,
Well, my heart's in the Highlands wherever I roam,
And picking up Angel, who just arrived here from the coast,
Your lips are so tender, your heart is beating fast,
Don't wanna be with nobody tonight,
Believes all things, won't pull no strings,
The deputy walks on a-hard nails and the preacher rides a mount,
Oh, every thought that's strung a knot in my mind,
They'll stone you when you're trying to be so good,
Builder of rainbows up in the sky,
Mr. Frog went a-hopping up over the brook,
Mama in a factory ,she ain't got no shoes,
Sleeping in the [incomprehensible] on the back of the dust,
Well, they took me downtown and they dressed me in black,
On some windy corner 'round a wide-angled curve,
All that's gold wasn't meant to shine,
But people don't live or die, people just float,
It's pride, and prejudice, and superstition, indeed,
Don't wanna play with nobody, don't wanna be waylaid,
She wears an Egyptian red ring, it sparkles before she speaks,
Wisdom is thrown into jail,
And it ain't on a real rich kid's road-map,
I'll say goodbye to Colorado,
Join the monk, C.I.O.,
Looks like tomorrow is a-coming on fast,
Englishman stranded in the black-heart wind,
But, when we meet again and are introduced by friends,
Ain't no reason to go to the fair,
Nothing that I wouldn't do,
Mama's in the factory, ain't got no shoes,
Don't have the inclination to look back on any mistake,
I've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard,
You didn't care that it hurt me,
And she in between, the victim of sound,
Drifting too far from shore,
I ain't looking for you to feel like me,
If you're traveling to the north country fair,
I got a bird that whistles,
Her eyebrows meet, she wears second-hand clothes,
Going to Ac--to see soft gut, going to have some fun,
Any day now, oh, any day now, I shall be released,
Shooting tin cans with a sawed-off shotgun,
Well, Frankie Lee, he sat right down and put his fingers to his chin,
One bird-book and a buzzard and a crow,
Some speak of the future,
And I know what you're thinking of,
Took the wife and kids and started home,
The truth was obscure, too profound and too pure,
You know I was straight with you, you know I never tried to change you in any way,
A pretty, dancing girl was there and she began to shout,
And watch the young torero stand alone,
He hands--out in your face for kicks,
In the still of the night, in the world's ancient light,
But I'll know my song well before I start singing,
Walk around with nowhere to go,
You broke a heart that loved you,
Judgment on them is something that you'll never see,
And all the time you're holding the three queens,
Winterlude by the road tonight,
Out beyond the twinkling stars,
I'd get on the stage and sing and play,
How he died nobody can say,
You can't do the time, don't do the crime,
My hands never touched him none,
By users, cheaters,
I would be crazy if I took you back,
Where do you look for this lamp that's a-burning,
Early one morning the sun was shining, I was laying in bed,
I believe in you even though we be apart,
So, all you newsy people, spread the news around,
No, no, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,
But you're gonna have to serve somebody,
Don't wanna burn nobody, don't wanna be burned,
When I was in Missouri,
You keep listening to something long enough, you're just bound to believe that it's true,
"Oh, yes, sir, my name is Lee,
She's away and westward-bound, far above the clouds she'll fly,
Don't wanna bury nobody, don't wanna be buried,
The table stands empty by the edge of the stream,
Got to be an important person to be in here, honey,
I told you, baby, right to your head,
My own heart's in the [incomprehensible],
I don't need no alibi when I'm spending time with you,
Where the sun never set, where the trees hung low,
All down in taken-for-granted situations,
Well, when the pipeline gets broken and I'm lost on the river bridge,
At ships with tattooed sails,
And my skin will surely crawl if he touches you at all,
It all seemed so proper, it all seemed so elite,
And the diamonds from the deepest ocean,
May be a construction worker working on a home,
I see a house in the country being a-torn apart from within,
If you don't wanna be a bum,
The wind, it was howling and the snow was outrageous,
If you're looking for assistance, babe,
Everybody wants you to be just like them,
Wiggle till it whispers, wiggle till it hums,
You're the one that reaches me, you're the one that I admire,
As I travel down life's pathway,
Doing ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street,
And admit that the waters around you have grown,
I ain't too good at conversation, girl,
And he just smoked my eyelids,
And I drove down Forty-second Street,
Cat's in the well and grief is showing its face,
Mother, you know, must hear the news,
But Willie had a heart of gold and this I know is true,
First it's hello, goodbye, then push, and then crash,
It's people's games that you got to dodge,
I'll be on my way,
I got two white horses following me,
"Get well, get well, love Henry," she cried,
Bird, fly high by the light of the moon,
Well, I try my best to be just like I am,
I'm seeing your world of people and things,
Oh, my heart is so sad 'cause I want you so bad,
I asked you, please, to cross me off your list,
Straightaway then he led her down into the hold,
Wise men say only fools rush in,
Hmm, suddenly, it happened, hmm, I lost every dime,
He won a fortune from a man who folded in his chair,
I picked up his body and I dragged him inside,
Gon' walk on that dirt road till everything becomes the same,
And some of us'll end up to be lawyers and things,
Me if I don't get out the door in two seconds flat,
Stone you when you're waiting for a train,
Filled up the hunger that had always been denied,
Tell me the truth, don't tell me no lies,
I got a magnifying glass like Sherlock Holmes,
But I have forsaken my king's daughter there,
The fewer words you have to waste on this,
Santa Fe, dear, dear, dear, dear Santa Fe,
But I know God has mercy on them who're slandered and humiliated,
I met a young woman whose body was burning,
I was standing at the side road, listening to the billboard knock,
Then Jake rampaged against a knife in the hands of old Bob Stein,
Far away and over the wall,
There's mirrors inside the minds of crazy faces,
Give you my money, honey,
I went back home, put on my tie,
I got a God-fearing woman, one I can easily afford,
You know, it balances on your head just like a mattress balances on a bottle of wine,
Whose screams filled the arena loud,
She sticks my boots in the washing machine,
Gypsy Davy with a blowtorch, he burns out their camps,
Ain't no going back,
You're the lamp of my soul, girl, and you torch up the night,
It ain't easy to swallow, it sticks in the throat,
Marry me a wife, catch rainbow trout,
Reaching out and touching her hand,
Yes, and only if she was lying by me,
Englishman stranded in a black-heart wind,
Searching everywhere I know,
There was talk they killed their rivals, but the truth was far from that,
In the Federal City you been blown and shown pity in secret for pieces of change,
Where Ma Rainey and Beethoven unwrapped their bedroll,
But goodbye's too good a word, babe,
Gonna serve somebody,
But you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
I thought that he was righteous, but he's vain,
Grandpa died last week,
Well, he can be fascinating, he can be dull,
Well, this woman I've got, she's killing me alive,
But I'll see you in the sky above, in the tall grass, in the ones I love,
And your good gal leaves and she's long gone a-flying,
You used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat,
The dividing line ran through the center of town,
Open the door, Richard, I've heard it said before,
I'm so tired of those who use you for their own pleasure,
Well, I'm going off to Libya,
Strange things have happened than ever before,
Well, he gambled in the White House and in the railroad yards,
Called home, everybody seemed to have moved away,
My patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost,
And sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna change the whole world around,
No, nothing was delivered,
It's unbelievable like a lead balloon,
My dogs are barking, there must be someone around,
Well, Mack the Finger said to Louis the King,
'Twas in the summer one early fall,
I said a quick prayer just to feel satisfied,
But evidently she don't,
Cat's in the well, gentle lady is asleep,
Hysterical bride in the penny arcade,
True love, they've been without it,
You don't have to feed me,
A little piece of cornbread laying on the shelf, uh-huh,
Whatever colors you have in your mind,
You wish for contentment, but you got an emptiness that can't be filled,
And ain't in the pimple lotion people are selling you,
Looks like a-nothing but rain,
Put your body next to mine and keep me company,
Everything runs by me just like water from a well,
"Well, if you could have married a king's daughter there,
Oh, sister, when I come to knock on your door,
But I won't be a stand-in for an old love,
Babe, I'd lay awake all night,
Poisoned in the bushes, blown out on the trail,
You're beautiful to me,
And it seems like I've gotta travel on,
Then I'm laying out my winter clothes and wishing I was gone,
Whole lotta hearts shaking tonight from the disease of conceit,
In the instant that I preach,
Sometimes I'm in the mood I wanna change my house around,
Smell the tail of the dragon,
Among the dead and dying, her darling love she found,
Corrina, Corrina,
There's seven breezes blowing all around the cabin door,
We'll fly the night away,
Searching for the truth the way God designed it,
Whoa! and--well, I can do just like the rest, you know, I like my sugar sweet,
Though we kissed through the wild, blazing nighttime,
You got to believe it, you gotta give me one more kiss,
Make promises by the hours,
My dogs are barking, there's must be someone around,
Once I was wading in fortune and fame,
Hound dog howling, bull frog croaking,
The wagon come, they loaded him in,
I won't let go and I can't let go,
Got white skin, got assassin's eyes,
You may be rich or poor, you may be blind or lame,
You touched me and you knew that I was warm for you and, then,
And may you stay forever young,
You used to ride the chrome horse with your diplomat,
All of these awful things that I have heard,
Cat's moo and calf's meow, you know, I--I can recite them all,
Then they drove that car as far as they could, abandoned it out west,
With his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place,
I'm locked in tight, I'm outta range,
What's lost is lost, we can't regain what went down in the flood,
I had to stand my trial, I had to make my plea,
Now, the wintertime is coming, the windows are filled with frost,
A lot of people don't have much food on their table,
I'm all cracked up on the highway and in the water's edge,
The words fill my head and fall to the floor,
"Well, I'm not weeping for my house carpenter,
Tonight there will be no quarreling,
The festival was over and the boys were all planning for a fall,
Everybody says you're using voodoo, I've seen your feet walk by themselves,
Oh, mama, you gonna miss your best friend now,
I've been in and out of happiness,
Don't wanna confuse nobody, don't wanna be confused,
Is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets,
Pull man down like a county hook, my man,
And comes to a permanent stop,
Dupree came in pimping tonight to the Thunderbird Cafe,
His mama walks the floor, his daddy weeps and moans,
You might a janitor out on the [incomprehensible],
I was knocked out and loaded in the naked night,
"Strike up the band," they hit it,
Everybody wants my attention, everybody got something to sell, except you, yeah, you,
That man whom with his fingers cheats and whom lies with every breath,
"Where shall the wedding supper be?" Uh-huh,
We've reached the edge of the road, baby, where the pasture begins,
Their folks, they said their lives together sure was a-gonna be rough,
When a horror broke out at the break of dawn and emptied out the streets,
I glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking,
Oh, me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride,
Alberta, let your hair hang low,
Well, my daddy was a fireman and my mama, hey,
The moon gives light and shines by night,
I noticed at the ceremony your corrupt ways had finally made you blind,
Well, give me a minute, let me get it together,
Well, I'm stranded in the city that never sleeps,
Now and then there's a fool--a fool such as I am over you,
I'm gonna let you pass,
I'm a-thinking and wondering, walking down the road,
Sending his thoughts to a beloved maid,
Late last night I heard my screen door slam,
But calm is my feeling, at rest is my soul,
On the road to glory where the story never ends,
Long distance operator, place this call, it's not for fun,
Since that last, sad night I kissed her,
Without your sweet love,
Forgive me, baby, for what I didn't do,
It hurts me, too,
Eh, singing just for you,
Well, it's up in the morning trying to find a job of work,
Now, love is gentle, love is kind,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, rattle and shake,
The motorcycle, Black Madonna,
And rivers that ran through every day,
Oh, mama, can this really be the end,
Why she did go,
Heart of mine, go back where you been,
For threatening my baby, unborn and unnamed,
Using every angle under the sun,
Every nerve in my body is so vacant and numb,
To hide what they've got left behind their eyes,
I keep listening for footsteps, but I ain't ever hearing any,
To curbs 'neath holes where babies wail,
Three angels up above the street,
Broken threads, broken springs,
"Lay at your bed, Sally Sue Brown,
My warehouse eyes, my Arabian drums,
Like in a dream when someone wakes up and screams,
You got something to say, speak or hold your peace,
You can train on down to Williams Point,
Don't wanna touch nobody, don't wanna be touched,
I've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests,
But, oh, mama, you gonna miss your best friend now,
Ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat,
No, and I ain't looking to fight with you,
At your feet to convince you of your pain,
That whirlpool of life that's in your eye,
That can do what's never been done,
Or have done something wrong,
I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the clothes you wear,
Three-legged man and a hot-lipped hoe,
We set beside bridges and walk beside fountains,
She never said nothing, there was nothing she wrote,
And I'm gonna ride into Omaha on a horse,
Who will judge the many when the game is through,
No time to prepare for the victim that's there, no time to suffer or blink,
And come every time you call,
Please understand me, I have no place I'm calling you to go,
From the outside world the pressure will mount,
Met Prince Phillip at the home of the blues,
With a long-distance look her eyes was on fire,
God knows you've got to weep,
But goodbye's a-too good a word, babe,
Without your love I'd be nowhere at all,
Just as long as you stay with me,
Senor, Senor, I can see that painted wagon,
That, as long as it takes to do this,
I just keep pressing on,
Well, there's kissing in the valley,
And your streetcar visions, which you place on the grass,
And stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burning bright,
To look up in the world from a hole in the ground,
Looked behind the kitchen, behind the door,
So, I'm a-walking down that long, lonesome road, babe,
Now, won't you tell me true,
"It's hard to say, it's hard to tell,
Well, the medicine man comes, he shuffles inside,
You that hide behind walls, you that hide behind desks,
With her picture books of the pyramid and her postcards of Billy the Kid,
I've been living the blues every night without you,
When I saw that my partner, he was just being friendly,
When the last rays of daylight go down, buddy, you'll roll no more,
I got my mind made up,
But you, you changed my life, came along in a time of strife,
Now, the Spanish-American War had its day,
And I answer them most mysteriously,
Still I don't know what I'm gonna do,
In the night a hound dog bayed,
Not a word was spoke between us, there was no risk involved,
Your breath is sweet, your eyes are like two jewels in the sky,
The joint is jumping,
Oh, all the money that in my whole life I did spend,
No more whip-lash for me, no more, no more,
Dad's in a alley looking hard for the fuze,
Yeah, today's been a sad, old, lonesome day,
By the night and been to some place new,
Come on, baby, give our love a try, let's stick together,
Has taken all his blankets from the floor,
I'm drowning in the poison, got no future, got no past,
To see the promised land with me as the time go by,
Day you quit me, baby,
Black sunglass can't make pony run,
Um, when your head gets twisted and your mind grows numb,
From now on I'll be busy, ain't going nowhere fast,
Felt that emptiness inside to which he just could not relate,
By the old wooden stove where our hats was hung,
They're spoon-feeding Casanova to get him to feel more assured,
You walk into the room like a camel and you frown,
"The calls of my master compelled me from home,
But, deep inside my heart,
The Communists were coming around,
Yes, sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna hit that highway road,
Well, my temperature rises and my feet can't walk so hot,
Praise you, dear lady, from going insane,
Better jump down the manhole,
They're lying low and they're making hay,
That carry 'round a fire-hose,
I love you more than money and more than the stars above,
I thank the Lord,
I've had my eyes on you, baby, for five long years,
Been shooting craps and gambling, mama, and I done got broke,
I been good while I been waiting,
One push of the button and a shot the world wide,
But there's a woman on my block, sitting there in a cold chill,
Let's try to get beneath the surface waste, girl,
Lately I've been having evil dreams, I wake up in a cold, blue lair,
We weren't on the wrong side, sweetness,
I got a heavy-headed gal, she ain't a-feeling well,
And, though her eyes are fixed upon Noah's great rainbow,
Well, it's always been my nature to take chances,
Feeling funny in my mind, Lord,
I saw thousands who could have overcome the darkness,
The winter wind is a-blowing strong, my hands a-got no gloves,
Now, the moon is almost hidden, the stars are beginning to hide,
You say you lost your faith, but that's not where it's at,
He stood so straight and tall in his uniform and all,
And Big Jim was standing there - you couldn't say - surprised,
Stone you and say that it's the end,
Then she ran upstairs to pack her bags while a horse-drawn taxi waited at the curb,
Went out last night just to take a little round,
I lived with them on Montague Street, in a basement down the stairs,
Better jump down a manhole,
Where black is the color, where none is the number,
See the cross-eyed pirates sit perched in the sun,
High up on the housetops, high as I can see,
Whole lotta people struggling tonight from the disease of conceit,
And it ain't made in no Hollywood wheat germ,
Stone you when you're walking on the street,
Well, I have had some rotten nights, didn't think that they would pass,
Chilly wind sharp as a razor blade,
Tolling for the deaf and blind, tolling for the mute,
If you must cling to someone,
All I remember was a moaning sound,
Wiggle to the front, wiggle to the rear,
You can knock on the President's gate, pretty mama,
Well, he rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door, uh-huh,
Laugh at him behind his back just like the others do,
In a pine box for all eternity,
I got the heart and you got the blood,
They say the darkest hour is right before the dawn,
A gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring,
Some are mathematicians, some are doctors' wives,
Still I just don't know what I'm gonna do,
There oughtta be a law against you coming around,
As the light burst through a beat-up shade, where he was waking up,
I love you more than ever, more than time and more than love,
It was you who came right through,
Does it take much of a man to see his whole life go down,
The hanging judge a-was sober, he hadn't had a drink,
But it ain't him to blame,
Feel like I'm knocking on heaven's door,
What's the matter with me? I don't have much to say,
We'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright,
But you're disappointed now with those who did not deliver,
I'd only have to stay,
So, if you're traveling in the north country fair,
It's just a ragged clown behind,
But whatever you wish to keep, you'd better grab it fast,
He's the property of Jesus,
We had a falling-out like lovers often will,
Well, I'm walking kind of funny, Lord,
There's more frost on the window glass with each new, tender kiss,
I can make it through,
And the telling of his story, mean to let you know,
Mighty Mockingbird, he still has such a heavy load,
Precious angel under the sun,
Yet I just don't know what I'm gonna do,
And the lion's mouth opens and you're staring at his teeth,
When she's near me, she's so hard to recognize,
Gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh,
She's over 'bove the [incomprehensible] pad,
Made before the foundation of the world,
And I got the worried blues,
They'll stone you when you are walking home,
It was late one evening during a poker game,
Honeysuckle blooming in the wild-wood air,
Oh, you want watered-down love,
Lordy, Lordy, Lordy,
And here I sit so patiently,
So, sing your praise of progress and of the doom-machine,
Don't know which is worse - doing your own thing or being cool,
Please her, please him, buy gifts,
Over the fields where the good shepherd grieves,
You that never done nothing but build to destroy,
I gave him my blanket and he gave me his word,
Can lead you to hundred-dollar plates,
Can't hear your name, you can't see your face,
Saved by the blood of the lamb,
You fasten the trigger for the others to fire,
Don't tie no bows,
In the days of old, in the days of gold, in the day-times I repine,
Trust yourself,
May you always be courageous, stand upright and be strong,
Our words was told, our songs was sung,
Never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine,
See my bulldog bite a rabbit and my hound dog is sitting on a barbed-wire fence,
Sara, oh, Sara, glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow,
Spreading their wings 'neath the falling leaves,
Well, I struggled through barbed wire, felt the hail fall from above,
In the lonely night,
Well, you're the kinda woman makes a man lose his brains,
You've been avoiding the main streets for a long, long while,
Everybody, get ready to lift up your glasses and sing,
May your heart always be joyful, may your song always be sung,
Puts the pied-pipers in prison and fattens the slaves,
Who among them would try to impress you,
Maybe someday you'll hear a voice from on high,
Drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep,
Billy, you're so far away from home,
Far past the frozen leaves,
She promised this a-lad she'd stay,
And played the fife lowly,
And later on, when the crowd thinned out, I was just about to do the same,
The iron hand, it ain't no match for the iron rod,
But all the while I was alone, the past was close behind,
It could even be like a myth,
I got mixed up confusion, man, it's a-killing me,
Gonna have to serve somebody,
Sign on a street says "You Don't Own Me",
Don't need a shot of turpentine - only bring me to my knees,
Where all the cars are stripped between the gates of night,
Well, I know who I can depend on, I know who to trust,
There was a wicked messenger - from Eli he did come,
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it,
A world war can be won, you want me to believe,
He sits in your room, his tomb, with a fist full of tacks,
There's a whole lotta hearts breaking tonight from the disease of conceit,
I like the smile in your fingertips,
And your sidewalk starts curling and the street gets too long,
They're doing the double shuffle, they're throwing sand on the floor,
Oh, I see by the angel beside me that love has a reason to shine,
Well, I wake up in the morning, there's frogs inside my socks,
Rock me for a little while, rock me for a couple of months,
I can't feel you anymore, I can't even touch the books you've read,
Please don't feel bad, no, no, no, no, don't, don't, don't feel bad,
Frankie went down to the corner saloon, get a bucket of beer,
With that half-wit comedian on it,
I stand on highway, baby flag me down,
"But," says he, "My fine fellows, if you will enlist,
Look who's back in town,
They tell me every man must fall,
Don't wanna miss nobody, don't wanna be missed,
Dr. Filth, he keeps his world locked inside of his leather cup,
While preachers preach of evil fates,
And your cowboy mouth and your curfew-plugs,
Where a woman, she slaved for sure,
But you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fears,
Now, you can run down to the White House,
No, no, ma'am, I can't wait,
I've had the Mexico City blues since the last hairpin curve,
Well, the sword swallower, he comes up to you and then he kneels,
As I ponder, hopes grow fonder,
I spied a little chicken a-down on his knees,
Six months on the chain gang,
Oh, you five- and ten-cent women with nothing in your heads,
You do the work of the devil, you got a million friends,
Well, I see you got your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat,
When they tried to strangle Larry, Joey almost a-hit the roof,
Brains in the pot, they're beginning to boil,
I'm out here a thousand miles from my home,
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, and it's a hard,
She got all the downtown boys all at her command,
I'm listening to Neil Young, I gotta turn up the sound,
Grandpa died last week and now he's buried in the rocks,
Need something special-need something special, alright,
Never weak but always strong,
Ain't complaining 'bout what I got,
I got a heavy-headed gal, I got a heavy-headed gal,
Looking at my shadow, watching the clouds up above,
I wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere,
"I'll do your bidding, comrade mine,
Well, the doctor interrupted me just about then,
The battle outside is raging,
I've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans,
In the tune I'm humming, in the words that I'm thinking,
I'll take you 'cross the river, dear, you've no need to linger here,
And you take just like a woman,
There's a lawman on your trail like to surround you,
Don't mind the driving rain,
I grabbed back hold of my picnic basket,
They'd all fall there so perfectly,
Well, as we marched down, as we marched down,
I'm a-walking through the summer nights, the jukebox playing low,
Dressed in green robes with wings that stick out,
For they opened fire and somehow drove that pirate ship away,
The beat is pumping,
And not going through any great extreme,
Come right down the highway, straight down the line,
So now I'm going back again, I got to get to her somehow,
She once was a true love of mine,
How he died nobody could say,
But the dealer says, "Attendez-vous, s'il vous plait",
And the point is slick,
Well, anybody can be just like me, obviously,
I feel I'm knocking on heaven's door,
Stake my future on a hell of a past,
The pot of gold is only make-believe,
All these people that you mention, yes, I know them, they're quite lame,
Keep me where you are,
Her mouth was watery and wet,
Coffins dropping in the street like balloons made out of lead,
I couldn't believe after all these years you didn't know me any better than that,
I seen thousands who could've overcome the darkness,
Oxford Town, Oxford Town,
Where the neon madmen climb,
God sees it all unfold,
I been double-crossed too much, at times I think I've almost lost my mind,
"The news of the day is on all the time,
A damsel there from Lexington was pleasing to my mind,
You'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright,
Nothing that would pass inspection,
Thinking about diamonds and the world's biggest necklace,
No one doubted that he pulled the trigger,
The sky too is folding under you,
Nothing was delivered,
Many days you have lingered all around my cabin door,
Try to be a success,
Seven days zipping and blowing,
Stone you when you are young and able,
I went to the wedding of Mary-Lou,
'Twas in another lifetime, one of toil and blood,
Look at the sun sinking like a ship,
Just like a rolling stone,
Name of Martin Luther King,
Already the fiesta has begun,
I was lying down in the reeds without any oxygen,
Seeing the metal brace that helped him stand,
Well, my shoes, they come from Singapore,
I heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter,
She never stumbles, she got no place to fall,
Laughing and singing till the early hours of the morn,
High water rising, the shacks are sliding down,
Everybody's got their heads bowed down,
Your lover, who just walked out your door,
Some mother's child has gone astray,
They threw me in the alley when up comes this girl from France,
With men in every walk of life, which took her everywhere,
And take me disappearing through the smoke-rings of my mind,
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Mardi Gras,
There's just a hot-blooded singer singing "Memphis in June",
Till the keys of the guards clicked the tune of the morning,
Sweet goddess, born of a blinding light and a changing wind,
She had done a lot of bad things, even once tried suicide,
You can't live by bread alone, you won't be satisfied,
Ten thousand miles away from home,
I rambled out of New York town,
He took Ms. Mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
He oversees his kingdom so no stranger does intrude,
You fasten all the triggers for the others to fire,
He won't do nothing to you,
The bridge at midnight trembles,
He can walk the streets like most and boast of what he'd like to keep,
Broken hands on broken plows,
I'd be sad and blue,
I'm getting weary looking in my baby's eyes,
Come on down to my ship, honey, ride on deck,
If I could only hear her heart a-softly pounding,
She's got everything she needs, she's an artist, she don't look back,
And now the heart is filled with gold as if it was a purse,
Just as far as my eyes can see,
This situation can only get rougher,
I saw a black branch with blood that kept dripping,
Precious father, loving mother,
That Jesus Christ was betrayed by a kiss,
Eight by eight they got to the gate,
Well, I ride on a mail-train, baby, can't buy no thrill,
Well, the children cry for mother, I tell 'em, "Mother took a trip",
"I didn't do it!" he says and he throws up his hands,
Loneliness, tenderness,
Every little sound just might be thunder,
It's the end of the chase and the moon is high,
But, if I could, I'd bring you to the mountain-top, girl,
I heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley,
Wiggle till you wiggle right outta here,
Now, Ophelia, she's 'neath the window, for her I feel so afraid,
I been double-crossed now for the very last time and now I'm finally free,
Singing about conspiracy, wanting me to be afraid,
I've seen pretty people disappear like smoke,
He danced for those at minstrel shows and county fairs throughout the South,
My woman got a face like a teddy bear,
But he's the property of Jesus,
Sara, Sara, glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow,
Maybe someday, when you're by yourself, alone,
Way up in the border country far from the towns,
And, from where they stand, I'm sure it is,
Warning signs are eve-flashing everywhere, but we pay no heed,
A-lord, I'm walking down the line, walking down the line,
Stack-A-Lee turned to Billy Lyons and he shot him right through the head,
Outside in the distance a wildcat did growl,
He got a brother named James, don't forget faces or names,
This wheel's on fire, rolling down the road,
They're selling postcards of the hanging, they're painting the passports brown,
I can still hear that voice crying in the wilderness,
Born in Red Hook, Brooklyn, in the year of who knows when,
Made of silver or of golden,
You can step on my name, you can try and get me beat,
May be the head of some big TV network,
Groundhog running by the country stream,
You've murdered your vanity, burned your sanity for pleasure you must now resist,
Nothing wrong could make it right away,
She was working in the blinding light and I stopped in for a drink,
And I got those worried blues,
That run around gallant, make all rules for the ones that got talent,
I went to see the gypsy staying in a big hotel,
Next to come in was a little, black tick,
Winterlude, Winterlude, my little daisy,
And pray to the Lord, pretty mama,
Whatever the pitch, they never would flinch, they never would fret or whine,
Friend to the martyr, a friend to the woman of shame,
Well, it's not because I'm an early riser,
John Brown went off to war to fight on a foreign shore,
Crowded up above and crowded down below,
I think you will find, when your death takes its toll,
You may own guns and you may even own tanks,
Well, your loveliness has wounded me, I'm a-reeling from the blow,
Ring them bells, St. Peter, where the four winds blow,
I just don't know what to do,
And to come each time you call,
Stone-cold dead as I stepped out of the womb,
Nothing 'round here to me that's sacred, 'cept you, yeah, you,
There'll be a time, I hear tell,
The sky too is folding over you,
"Well, the whole thing started at three o'clock fast,
My hands didn't touch him none,
Someone to open each and every door,
Tell me, tell me, I've got to know,
Agarrame, mi vida, soon the desert will be gone,
Wiggle till it opens, wiggle till it shuts,
Money doesn't talk, it swears,
You're the one I've been looking for, you're the one that's got the key,
Yes, call him "Drunken" Ira Hayes, he won't answer anymore,
The light I never knowed,
She was stolen from her mother when she was three days old,
I got a wife and five little children,
My only prayer is if I can't be there,
Well, I'm preaching peace and harmony, the blessings of tranquility,
Turn back, baby, wipe your eye,
I'll walk to the depths of the deepest, dark forest,
Race or chase you, track or trace you,
They said, "Listen, boy, you're just a pup",
A bullet from the back of a bush took Medgar Evers's blood,
I ain't looking to make you cry,
Go get me my pistol, babe,
When the judge saw Reilly's daughter,
I heard a deafening noise, I felt transient joys,
Thinking it was a trusty tree,
All your reindeer armies, they're all going home,
There's a-mighty many people in the middle and all around,
With the stitches still mending 'neath a heart-shaped tattoo,
And she'll be coming forth,
Well, the devil's in the alley, mule's in the stall,
Early one morning the sun was shining, he was lying in bed,
Don't wanna betray nobody, don't wanna be betrayed,
'Twas in the spring one summer's day,
Dragon clouds so high above, I've only known careless love,
Oh, it's fare-thee-well to the deep, hollow dungeon,
Last time you would hear the sermon on the mount,
Atlantic City, by the cold, grey sea,
Striking for the gentle, striking for the kind,
Don't say 'murder', don't say 'kill',
Bringing me all of your charms,
Sometimes I have a nickel and sometimes I have a dime,
Something in the moonlight still hounds him,
Now, I come in on a Ferris wheel and, boys, I sure was slick,
Well, it's sugar for sugar, it's salt for salt,
Ah, but I was so much older then,
Leaving only bells of lightning and its thunder,
Starry-eyed and laughing, as I recall, when we were caught,
I need someone to talk to and a new hiding place,
"I won't fly down, I can't fly down,
All day long I hear him shouting so loud,
I wouldn't know her if I saw her, she's that far behind,
A finger fired the trigger to his name,
Stripes on your shoulder, stripes on your back and on your hand,
Well, the fog's so thick you can't spy the land,
How to enter into the gates of paradise, no,
Shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because I'm young and wild,
That lover, who just walked out your door,
Open the door, Richard, I heard it said before,
Little light blinking, red light glowing,
They'll stone you when you're at the breakfast table,
Yes, the ocean took my baby,
Everybody's building the big ships and boats,
And your magazine-husband, who one day just had to go,
Oh, Jokerman, you know what he wants,
Someday, if God's in heaven overlooking His preserve,
Don't walk on your tip-toes,
Well, the woman that I love, she got a hook in her nose,
Leaving nobody to sing his sad song,
And his jaws start closing with you underneath,
Men in Atlanta trying to pass for white,
Ain't nothing left here, partner,
And I don't care if you feel like me,
Your cheeks too red and rosy for to face the cannonball,
On this new morning, new morning,
In the turning of twilight,
I'll buy you a [incomprehensible] skirt,
And later on, as the crowd thinned out, I's about to do the same,
And the locusts sang, well, it give me a chill,
Well, I got a harmonica job, begun to play,
Well, but this old river keeps on rolling, though,
So, run here, baby, put your little hand in mine,
Jack the Cowboy went up north, he's buried in the past,
They may call you "doctor" or they may call you "chief",
The best is always yet to come - that's what they explain to me,
Well, the sweet, pretty things are in bed now of course,
Like you never did before,
I'm just waiting on the Lord to rebuild and fill me up,
I've been in and out of a-happiness,
You could make me cry, never say goodbye,
Go away from my window,
True love, true love, true love tends to forget,
Now, it's that day of confession and we cannot mock a soul,
He saw an animal that liked to growl, big furry paws and he liked to howl,
I might go insane if it couldn't be sprung,
Though her voice, it would be merry, 'tis sighing all the day,
I'm twenty miles outta town, Cold Irons bound,
She takes just like a woman,
When he drifted down to LA where he'd reckoned to try his luck,
Frog went a-courting and a-he did ride, uh-huh,
Somebody better explain, she's got her iron chain,
I was raised in the country, I been working in the town,
We didn't mean for him to meet his death,
I met Prince Phillip at the home of the blues,
Told about Jesus, told about the rain,
I can hear Him calling for my soul,
Heart of mine,
They like to take all this money from sin, build big universities to study in,
Outsiders they can freely criticize,
Rasputin, he's so dignified,
But, baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying,
Where peace is not welcome at all,
Oh, come all without, come all within,
My feet were splintered, and my head was cracked,
Had no one to go my bail,
The light in this place is so bad, making me sick in the head,
Come up where the Yankees are, dress up in a pinstripe suit,
In his anger and his shame,
Well, you saw my picture in the Corpus Christi Tribune,
Slipping and sliding like a weasel on the run,
Sorry if I touched the place where your secrets are hid,
People are crazy, times are strange,
Oh, baby, baby, baby blue,
And I'll join the bravest rankers there, Jack Donohue and Co.,
May be living in another country under another name,
In a world of steel-eyed death and men who are fighting to be warm,
They say, "Lose your inhibition, follow your own ambition",
To be one your own,
Pointed threats, they bluff with scorn,
I met another man who was wounded in hatred,
The curfew had been lifted and the gambling wheel shut down,
That, while life's pleasures be few,
Sent for the doctor, well, the doctor, he did come,
From Broadway to the Milky Way,
And your minutes of sun turn to hours of storm,
Hmm, see what you can do,
Everybody moving - if they ain't already there,
She speaks with a stutter and she walk with a hop,
There's just one last favor I'll ask of you,
If you ever want to reach me, you know where to look,
Them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
Late one day in the middle of the week,
Don't put my faith in nobody, not even a scientist,
We came to the pyramids all embedded in ice,
Take you where the grass grows green, you never will want for money,
The cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn,
The palace of mirrors, where dog-soldiers are reflected,
She's crying like an evil stone,
They walk among the stately trees,
No time to lose or say goodbye,
Who shapeth the cloud up in the sky,
The desk clerk heard the woman laugh as he looked around in the aftermath and the soldier got tough,
Won't sneak up into your room, tall, dark, and handsome,
Feel like a fighting rooster, feel better than I ever felt,
He said, "I never engaged in this kind of thing before,
Well, your friends come by for you, I don't know what to say,
Don't even feel like crossing the street and my car ain't acting right,
You don't have to yearn for love, you don't have to be alone,
And they drove that car as far as they could, abandoned it out west,
Idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coat,
Jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule,
And your match-book songs and your gypsy hymns,
Broken buckles, broken laws,
I don't know why I love her, but I just can't stop,
Puffing on a big cigar,
Oh, with a pain that stops and starts,
Finally had to give her up 'bout the time she begin to want me,
Well, come all without, come all within,
When I'm gone, you will remember my name,
But you who philosophize disgrace and criticize all fears,
He got that clear crystal fountain,
Ain't in the dime-store dummies and bubble-gum goons,
I'm drifting in and out of dreamless sleep,
The only thing I knew how to do was to keep on keeping on like a bird that flew,
And, though it's only my opinion - I may be right or wrong,
I see the morning light, I see the morning light,
Little boy lost, he takes himself so seriously,
Yet every distance is not near,
I'm breathing hard, standing at the gate,
And there's no one there to comfort you with a helping hand to lend,
You'll be doing society a favor,
I said, "Oh, come on, now,
You must have been protecting someone last time I called,
Heart of mine, go back home,
Handy-dandy, he got a stick in his hand and a pocket full of money,
And her skirt, it swayed as the guitar played,
In death you face life with a child and a wife who sleepwalks through your dreams into walls,
And forget my pride,
Now, you take your file and you bend my head,
Well, I'm too old to lose, babe, I'm too young to win,
The deputy sheriffs, the soldiers, the governors get paid,
There's a dying voice within me reaching out somewhere,
And you know I could never be your own,
"There must be some way out of here," said the joker to the thief,
Mama's in the factory, ain't got no shoe,
Tolling for the rebel, tolling for the rake,
With his fist in a clinch,
Who's never weak but always strong,
With faces hidden as the walls were tightening,
No more affection that's misplaced, girl,
She walks across the marble floor where a voice from the gambling room is calling her to come on in,
Now, there's a woman on my block, she just sit there as the night grows still,
She's five-feet-nine and she carries a monkey wrench,
You feel to moan, but, unlike before,
Nothing too very scientific,
She said, "Boy, without a doubt, gotta quit your mess and straighten out,
They said what's up is down, they said what isn't is,
Leaving in the morning if I have to ride the blinds,
When my mother died, my uncle took me in, he run a funeral parlor,
It's just that I haven't got no watch and you keep asking me what time it is,
Handy-dandy, controversy surrounds him,
They was in the air, they was on the ground,
I don't want to meet your kin,
In a world of steel-eyed death and men who are fighting to be born,
You're blowing down the shaky street,
So, go on, boys, play your hands, life is a pantomime,
I want my arms around you,
But something has changed,
Lights flicker from the opposite loft,
There's a place--they call it Heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth,
Oh, one more time at midnight near the wall,
I met one man who was wounded in love,
Father of grain, father of wheat,
Oh, there was a wealthy merchant, in London he did dwell,
Don't wanna wink at nobody, I don't wanna be winked at,
You think that, when you rest at last, you'll go back from where you came,
Baby, let me follow you down,
The desk clerk said, "It happens every day",
Laid him low in a cloud of mist,
Pink that dream and nose that dough,
It wasn't us that made him fall,
May be a city councilman taking bribes on the side,
Yesterday's just a memory,
To rule my heart with sweetness and boldness from on high,
Felt around for the light switch, felt around for her face,
My love, she speaks like silence,
We always did feel the same, we just saw it from a different point of view,
But this time 'round it's more correct, right on target, so direct,
He was on the baseball team, he was in the marching band,
It frightens me, the awful truth of how sweet life can be,
Mercury, gravity,
If you see her, say hello, she might be in Tangier,
But overlooked a hundred times or more,
Well, all my fathers, they've gone down,
When your rooster crows at the break of dawn,
Sad-eyed lady of the lowlands,
Here comes the story of the "Hurricane",
And her pleasure knows no limits, her voice is like a meadowlark,
Anyway, it wouldn't ring true,
In the shadows of the Mesa she will lead you,
The night blows rainy,
Or select you or dissect you,
Would you forsake your husband too to go with Blackjack Davey,
Warlords of sorrow and queens of tomorrow will offer their heads for a prayer,
I like the way that you move your hips,
From a clear, blue sky and turn it off again,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more,
Yeah, I went down to the river on a Saturday morn,
His eyes were two slits - make any snake proud,
One day the little boy and the little girl were both baked in a pie,
Now, the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside,
Stone you and say good luck,
The only son of God Almighty,
Well, the--Mack the Finger said to Louis the King,
As we went a-walking down by the seaside,
There ought to be a law against you coming around,
Well, Jumping Judy can't go no higher,
The highway is for gamblers, better use your sense,
Now, there's a certain thing that I learned from my friend, Mouse,
Feel like a broke-down engine, ain't got no driving wheel,
I'm a fool, but I love you, dear, yes, I will until the day I die,
In the darkness of my night,
Wallflower, wallflower, take a chance on me,
As easy it was to tell black from white,
Desperate men, desperate women divided,
In the hills of mystery,
Watch a-waterfalls of pity roar,
I've been walking through the middle of nowhere,
And, after every plan had failed and there was nothing more to tell,
I'd go crawling down the avenue,
Ranting and raving and taking your money and you thinks it's funny,
Now, pull that drummer out from behind that bottle,
Three by three they danced on the sea,
Buy you shoes and clothes, Lord, Lord,
We eat and we drink, we feel and we think,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your teeth,
Living on your country or jobs offered you,
And they--they look at me and frown,
And the sooner you come up with them,
She walked up to me so gracefully, took my crown of thorns,
And the all-night girls, they whisper of escapades out on the D train,
If I'd'a paid attention to what others were thinking, the heart inside me woulda died,
Well, you can tell everybody down in old Frisco,
Her folks, they said their lives together sure was gonna be rough,
You belong to someone else and I do too,
You and me, we had completeness,
I should have left this town this morning,
She doesn't have to say she's faithful,
Read books and repeat quotations,
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh,
The cat's in the well and the barn is full of the bull,
Enter Patty Valentine from the upper hall,
Where we together weathered many a storm,
Some of these bootleggers, they make pretty good stuff,
And your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here,
The air burns and I'm trying to think straight,
I murdered little Sadie in first degree,
Laying low,
Gay as a jewel when first its new,
Heartbreaker, backbreaker,
A man with a badge skips by,
Where the ways of nature will test every nerve,
Mama, lay my guns into the ground,
I'm just whispering to myself, so I can't pretend that I don't know,
It knows that it knows, is always content,
Blood drying in my yellow hair as I go from shore to shore,
Oh, baby, time for a new transition,
A blanket of newspaper covered his head,
Counterfeit philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts,
Then everyone commenced to do what they were doing before he turned their heads,
He went to get the hanging judge, but the hanging judge a-was drunk,
Oh, I already assumed that we're in the felony room,
Well, I'm scuffling and I'm shuffling and I'm walking on briars,
Oh, though my friends forsake me,
Next to come in was a broken, black flea,
But the funniest thing was, when I was leaving the bay,
Take the motherless children off the street,
The night would see me wide awake,
And in the darkness of the room there was only Jim and him,
We sat in her kitchen while her mama was cooking,
There's a slow - there's a slow, slow train coming,
She's looking into my eyes, she's a-holding my hand,
That's the story of the "Hurricane",
Go melt back into the night, babe,
But I don't sense affection, no gratitude or love,
By rivers of blindness,
I heard her say over my shoulder, "We'll meet again someday on the avenue,
"Not me," said his manager,
Poisoned in the bushes and blown out on the trail,
You angel, you, you're as f--got me under your wing,
I'll eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry, and live my life on the square,
But it ain't gonna do no good,
Skinny Moo and T-Bone Frank,
For the disrobed, faceless forms of no position,
Oh, the benches were stained with tears and perspiration,
As we rode through the canyons, through the devilish cold,
Once upon a time you dressed so fine,
Most of the time I'm halfways content,
Sign on a door said "No Company Allowed",
Where we longed for nothing and were satisfied,
In each caress, in each tender kiss,
Dealing cards till dawn in the hacienda,
From the Grand Coulee Dam to the Capitol,
When blackness was a virtue, the road was full of mud,
One look at you and I'm out of control,
Nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street,
Don't matter what you did,
Persecution, execution, governments outta control,
When my life is over and my time has run out,
You were too hot to handle, you were breaking every vow,
Some are building monuments, others jotting down notes,
Want you,
I met a white man who walked a black dog,
She got great big hind legs,
All the tired horses in the sun,
I own you're a maid I love dearly and you've been in my heart all the while,
As some warn victory, some downfall,
Well, my baby went to Illinois with some boy she could destroy,
He brags of his misery, he likes to live dangerously,
He moved across the mirrored room, "Set it up for everyone," he said,
Well, the Lone Ranger and Tonto were riding down the line,
Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee,
I can see the turning of the key,
And your feet can only walk down two kinds of roads,
I looked beneath the sofa, beneath the chair,
Pull man down in pulley hook, let 'em take me or take a look,
Yes, I'll buy you a wedding gown,
Senor, Senor, can you tell me where we're heading,
Now, don't you try and move me, mama, you just gonna lose,
And we, having no money, paid them off in cracks,
Crumble into one another,
Broken cutters, broken saws,
Princess on the steeple and all the pretty people,
One more weekend, one more weekend with you,
Cities on fire, phones outta order,
Fool's gold in your teeth and cemetery hips,
Well, it may be the devil or it a-may be the Lord,
A worried man with a worried mind,
I never asked you for nothing that you couldn't deliver,
I yelled for Captain Arab, I'll have you understand,
The words fill my head and they fall to the floor,
Sing it to you right, but you might think it's wrong,
And you jump from your bed from the last chapter of dreaming,
I tried to love and protect you because I cared,
Need a woman [incomprehensible],
Silvio, I gotta go,
It's never been my duty to remake the world at large,
Yes, we'll go out and see it sometime, we'll both just sit there and stare,
The sword swallower walks up to you and then he kneels,
When you're standing on the crossroads that you cannot comprehend,
You may be an ambassador to England or France,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more,
I'm looking up into the sapphire-tinted skies,
Now, I don't care just a-what you do,
And the whole world is on your case,
I met somebody face-to-face, I had to remove my hat,
I'm sick of love, I wish I'd never met you,
That knows your troubles a hundred times over,
We sat in an empty theater and we kissed,
Her folks, they said that their lives together sure was gonna be rough,
The treasure can't be found by men who search,
You might think he loves you for your money, but I know what he really loves you for,
And you're sick of all this repetition,
Now, don't crowd me, lady, or I'll fill up your shoe,
As the night comes in a-falling, the dogs will lose their bark,
He told himself he didn't care, pushed the window open wide,
Life is sad, life is a bust,
Well, I got eight carburetors and, boys, I'm using 'em all,
Well, I just reached a place where I can't stay awake,
Well, it ain't no use in a-turning on your light, babe,
Take what you have gathered from coincidence,
The servant spoke before she thought, "She's been with Blackjack Davey,
Aim well, my little one,
"God bless your children and I'll take care of your wife,
Ten thousand men on the move,
You belong to me, baby, without a doubt,
Tweedle Dum said to Tweedle Dee,
Please see for me if she's wearing her coat so warm,
Who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world,
Now, lamp-gates and [incomprehensible], I can recite 'em all,
You have given all there is to give,
And every one of them words rang true and glowed like burning coal,
He was always in a hurry, too busy or too stoned,
Don't let her hear where you're going,
How could they ever have persuaded you,
I'm gonna establish my rule through civil war,
Need a woman all the time,
Don't wanna judge nobody, don't wanna be judged,
Last time you might hear the sermon on the mount,
With their humorless smile so easy to see through,
"Without my uncle Rat's consent,
I give her my heart, but she wanted my soul,
Now everything's a little upside down - as a matter of fact, the wheels have stopped,
Now, Ira's folks were hungry and their farms were crops of weeds,
To make all that should be killed to crawl,
Now there's a wall between us, something there's been lost,
Cat's in the well, the gentle lady is asleep,
Heart of mine, so malicious and so full of guile,
From their fates try to resign,
There's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town, the old one is long gone,
I began to think of what a deed I'd done,
Let me die in my footsteps before I go down under the ground,
I couldn't hear the robin sing,
And that three eyes cannot see him,
I dreamed I saw Saint Augustine, alive as you or me,
I don't carry dead weight, I'm no flash in the pan,
I married Isis on the fifth day of May,
I'm walking through streets that are dead,
One U-Haul trailer, a truck with no wheels,
My creator, my comforter, my cause for joy,
There's a lonesome bell-tone in that valley of stone,
While Rubin sits like Buddha in a ten-foot cell,
Well, sweet, pretty things, they're in bed now of course,
I have dined with kings, I've been offered wings,
They tried to strangle Larry, Joey almost a-hit the roof,
Oh, your mouth used to be so naked, your eyes used to be blue,
Revolution [incoherent] no solution for trouble,
Preacher was a-talking, there's a sermon he gave,
Oh, the locusts sang that high, whining trill,
Now she's gone, I don't worry,
Now, I'm waist deep, waist deep in the mist,
Well, this time I'm asking for freedom,
All along this countryside he opened many a door,
And I said, "Oh, I didn't know that,
You say you love me with what be--may be love,
But it would not make me tremble for to see ten thousand fall,
I woke up on the roadside daydreaming 'bout the way things a-really are,
You walk into the room with your pencil in your hand,
Yes, when things go wrong, so wrong with you,
Like a fool, you're not gonna hear me say,
"They've all moved a way," said the voice of a stranger,
That's how it is when things disintegrate,
I ran right through the front door like a hobo-sailor does,
Lord, I'm walking down the line, walking down the line,
We wanna put his ass in stir,
Now, it's king for king, queen for queen,
Well, I quit my job so I could work alone,
Oh, well, everybody says you're using voodoo, I've seen your feet walk by themselves,
Driven deep beneath the waves,
Take me on a trip upon your magic, swirling ship,
Need a woman every night to be with me and lonely as I am,
I get my sweet reward,
She tickles my nose, pats me on the head,
And it's true sometime, you could see it that way,
Beat a path of retreat up them spiral staircases,
Saw two men running out, they looked like middleweights,
Hollis Brown, he lived on the outside of town,
You taught me how to love you, baby, and you taught me oh so well,
When the younger of the girls, she came on deck,
Well, I'm bound to get lucky, baby,
Bent out of shape from society's pliers,
Drag you down or drain you down,
Spent my money on you, honey,
Early one morning the sun was shining, she was lying in bed,
Well, I took my counselor out to the barn,
Yes, I'm so glad,
Well, the road's washed out, weather not fit for man or beast,
The holy one called Jesus Christ,
You can raise up your right hand,
Gon' walk down that dirt road until my eyes begin to bleed,
He shook the land like a rolling thunder,
Well, the whole earth is asleep,
Up on the white veranda, she wears a necktie and a Panama hat,
Well, I soon lost track of my kids and wife,
Curtis looking high, Curtis looking low,
Mama, wipe the blood from my face,
If not for you,
Asking the cops wherever I go,
Man's ego's inflated, his laws are outdated,
I'm not sorry for nothing I've done,
Cloak and dagger dangles,
Like an ancient river so wide and so deep,
And the hypnotic, splattered mist was slowly lifting,
And sometimes I'm in the mood that I'm bound to lose again,
He walks with a swagger and he says to the bride,
There's a black smoke rising, Lord,
You don't have to be afraid of looking a-into my face,
Dreams of strangling me with a scarf,
Tomorrow night, before the sun goes down,
Thinking and drinking that they got it made,
The meat is so tough you can't cut it with a sword,
The businessmen from Taos want you to go down,
"Well, I've forsaken my house and home and I'll forsake my baby,
Cinderella, she seems so easy. "It takes one to know one," she smiles,
Nearly drove me crazy with the wagging of his jaw,
It's a price I'll have to pay,
He was only a hobo, but one more is gone,
But I'm saved,
I had no one for to go my bail,
Pull man down on a county hook, my man,
Alright, I'm so glad,
The cabaret was empty now, a sign said "Closed for Repair",
Everybody wants you to be like them,
I ain't looking to compete with you,
In her honky-tonk lagoon,
Going down the back roads, heading south,
Oh, when the dawn is nearing,
Father of air and father of trees,
Spellbound and swallowed till the tolling ended,
I'm staring at your picture, I'm hearing your words,
He pushed the table over to protect his family,
Well, you can laugh at salvation, you can play Olympic games,
You can either go to the church of your choice,
She got a letter once in a while, her face broke into a smile,
You're gonna need - you're gonna need my help someday,
Now, the deputy walks on hard nails, preacher rides a mount,
Feel like I'm drifting, drifting from scene to scene,
I love her, yeah, I love her,
The way that you hold your head, cursing God with every move,
And go out in your country where the land meets the sun,
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on, yes, it is,
For the wise men and the fools,
Let me drink from the waters where the mountain streams flood,
I heard one hundred drummers whose hands were blazing,
Oh, and you are on dry land,
With a blanket underneath his arm and a coat of solid gold,
Yeah, I went down to the whorehouse the other night,
Babe, please crawl out your window,
Yes, I never did feel this way before,
No, you can't find it neither in no night-club, no yacht club,
Honeybees are buzzing, leaves begin to stir,
And I freeze in the moment like the rest who don't try,
From fixtures and forces and friends your sorrow does stem,
It's alright,
All along the watchtower princes kept the view,
It's not aimed at anyone,
Fifteen jugglers, fifteen jugglers,
I'll call you tomorrow if there's phones where I am,
Now everything's a little upside down - as a matter of fact, the wheels've stopped,
In the time of my confession, in the hour of my deepest need,
You're a man of the mountains, you can walk on the clouds,
Every day is the same thing, out the door,
Don't let yourself fall,
The trail is dark and dusty, the road, it's kind of rough,
Trying to peel the moon and expose it,
I been meek and hard like an oak,
You better chew gum,
And make all kinds of money and chicks,
Everybody will help you discover what you set out to find,
Many try to stop me, shake me up in my mind,
Might be the heavyweight champion of the world,
What kind of sign they need when it all come from within,
If I'd'a thought about it, I never woulda done it, I guess I woulda let it slide,
Sick man looking for the doctor's cure,
He was wined and speeched and honored, everybody shook his hand,
Believe me, it ain't no fun, Lord, Lord,
Don't wanna be a bum,
And it still ain't me, babe,
Freedom from a world which you deny,
Took me downtown and they dressed me in black,
My love, she laughs like the flowers,
There's a battle outside and it's raging,
Uttering idle words from a reprobate mind,
The Spanish moon is rising on the hill,
They say that every man must fall,
And all the couples dancing cheek to cheek,
But don't get too close to make me change my mind,
I've been down on the bottom of a world full of lies,
Or disgrace you or displace you,
May be a rock-and-roll addict prancing on the stage,
Now yonder stands a man in this lonely crowd,
Ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes, she had her red hair tied back,
I got a house on a hill, I got hogs out in the mud,
Frankie got down upon her knees, took a-Albert into her lap,
And they lived in an alley under the red sky,
You can't hop a jet plane like you can a freight train,
Who'll pick you up each time you fall,
Well, they're living in a happy harmony,
I got a new pony, she knows how to foxtrot, lope, and pace,
"No, I never did engage in this kinda thing before,
Someone who likes simple things, is not afraid to bend,
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna turn my back to the wall,
I was born here and I'll die here against my will,
Everybody's doing something - I've heard it in a dream,
The crowd begun to riot and they grabbed hold of the man,
Spoke from my skull, I dreamed,
I fought with my twin, that enemy within,
Like a river flows surely to the sea,
Stone you when you're walking on the path,
Don't be a fool, don't be blind,
Like Judas of old, you lie and deceive,
You stole her love from me one day,
I care so much for you, didn't think I could,
She called with her eyes to the tune I's a-playing,
If he needs a third eye, he just grows it,
The midnight rain follows the train,
I was sitting home alone one night in L.A., watching old Cronkite on the seven o'clock news,
Ye shall be a-changed,
He tried to find a way back into where he left behind,
No, I do not feel that good when I see the heartbreaks you embrace,
Two by two to their lovers they flew,
And I'm still carrying the gift you gave,
Yes, you're right from your side and I'm right from mine,
That long, black cloud is coming down,
By losers, cheaters,
I was burned out from exhaustion, I was buried in the hail,
And it's keep down your head and stay in your number,
And your flesh like silk and your face like glass,
Three fellas crawling on their way back to work,
It ain't that I'm wanting anything you never gave before,
"Could you please not stare at me like that?" he said, "It's just my foolish pride,
She was married when we first met, soon to be divorced,
The First World War, boys, it came and it went,
Woman that I love, she got a hook in her nose,
But my heart is not weary, it's light and it's free,
Broken treaties, broken vows,
When it costs too much to build it at home,
And there's something on your mind that you wanna be saying,
All day long I hear him crying out so loud,
And your whole world's a-slamming and banging,
They stamped him and they labeled him like they do with pants and shirts,
Yes, but, if you want me to,
And you can't find it on the golf course,
You can't take it with you and you know it's too worthless to be sold,
When a war broke out at the break of dawn, it emptied out the streets,
Inside the museums infinity goes up on trial,
Stone you when you're reaching for the door,
Asking only workman's wages, I come looking for a job,
The only one my arms could ever hold,
If I ever lose her, I will go insane,
I couldn't tell her what my private thoughts were,
Luck was with me when I crossed the borderline,
I have read all their statements and I've not said a word,
You may call me anything, don't matter what you say,
Every time we meet together, I feel like I'm on fire,
It ain't that I'm questioning you to take part in any kinda quiz,
I'd pour a drink for you, my dear Mary Ann,
A man in the corner approached me for a match,
And some people thinking that the end is close by,
Says he's got a bad cough,
Walking-walking with you in my head,
No mother or dad, not a friend could I see,
Little red wagon, little red bike,
The sun is beginning to shine on me,
I can stroke your body and relieve your pain,
Tell my woman I'll see her at home,
From now on this'll be where you're from,
Going home,
Mama, wipe the blood off of my face,
At Delilah, who's sitting worthlessly alone,
Yes, I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes,
Seven days,
And with the whole ship's company he was willing to engage,
I've been saved - well, alright,
"Ah, but I just thought you might want something fine,
He's not selling any alibis,
I was ready to leave, I was already walking,
And you yell to yourself and you throw down your hat,
Used to work on Mr. Finley's farm, but the old man wouldn't pay,
I'm on the fringes of the night, fighting back tears that I can't control,
If you can't quit your sinning,
My hands can't feel to grip,
Lenny Bruce is dead, but he didn't commit any crime,
I had a woman down in Alabama,
Well, you gone to the finest school, alright, Ms. Lonely,
The party's over and there's less and less to say,
Every day your memory grows dimmer,
Delia was a gambling girl, gambled all around,
He's young and on fire,
Bertha Mason shook it, broke it, then she hung it on a wall,
Tell me, tell me before I go,
Beneath a bare light-bulb the plaster did pound,
Everything's a-hers or his,
That two healers cannot heal him,
Well, she talks to all the servants about man and God and law,
Well, I done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long,
I can deal with the situation right down to the bone,
First to come in was the flying moth, uh-huh,
Shedding off one more layer of skin,
I'm gonna spare the defeated, boys, I'm going to speak to the crowd,
Not out of spite, nor anger,
God knows it's a struggle,
Who could they get to carry you,
Opened up a door no man can shut and You opened it up so wide,
In the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space,
Up and down the block,
He's always off somewhere when I need him most,
He's surrounded by God's angels and she's wearing a blindfold, but so are you, Angelina,
Well, I sailed through the storm strapped to the mast,
Well, the old men 'round here, sometimes they get on bad terms with the younger men,
Get jailed, jump bail,
Heart of mine, be still,
And don't criticize what you can't understand,
Now, all my fathers, they've gone down,
She looked at me, begin to smile,
To disgrace, distract, and bother me,
Well, the Book of Leviticus and Deuteronomy,
A self-ordained professor's tongue,
Your mama, she's hiding inside the icebox,
The gravel road is bumpy, it's a hard, old road to ride,
My woman's never sitting at home,
Your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes,
The reason for fighting I never did get,
Oh, watered-down love,
There's a whole lotta people suffering tonight from the disease of conceit,
Wasn't making any great connection,
My mother was a daughter of a wealthy farmer,
If you'd see me this a-way,
Blue moon, you knew just what I was there for,
Mr. Jinx and Ms. Lucy, they jumped in the lake,
One of the boss's hangers-on sometimes comes to call at times you least expect,
So, now as I'm leaving, I'm weary as hell,
But whatever you wish to keep, you better grab it fast,
Rabbit running down across the road,
Is, baby, be friends with you,
Dogs a-barking, cats a-screaming, women a-yelling,
And an aching in my heart and my pockets full of sand,
He hands you a nickel and he hands you a dime,
The way, it is long, but the end is near,
Who uses all his power to do evil, but in the end is always left so alone,
Was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field,
Now, grease that gig and play it blank,
To be out on your own,
I got a woman, she's so mean,
And a great, big bowl for to mix it in,
And didn't even talk to the people at the table,
Lord, you shouldn't mistreat me, baby, because I'm young and wild,
Blue river running slow and lazy,
Never being able to separate the good from the bad,
Drought and starvation, packaging of the soul,
If I have to beg, steal, or borrow,
Everybody, get ready, lift up your glasses and sing,
Rambling outta the Wild West,
Someone who will die for you and more,
Well, come over here, pony, I wanna climb up one time on you,
Lying next to her by the ocean,
You've been with professors, they've all liked your looks,
The judge, he's holding a grudge and he's about to call on you,
She never learned to read or write, there's no books upon her shelf,
Sign on a porch says "Three's a Crowd",
A thousand miles from home,
They say that you've been seen with some other man,
And you fear they might catch you sleeping,
Paradise, sacrifice,
I long to see you in the morning light,
Exchanging all the precious gifts and things,
Well, I don't look much like a lover,
Leave your stepping-stones behind, something calls for you,
Beat that horse and saddle up the drum,
You're gonna make me wonder what I'm saying,
Well, I got a new pony, she knows how to foxtrot, lope, and pace,
And it ain't me, babe,
And the wind punched hard to make the wall-siding sing,
Now, don't you try and move me, you're just gonna lose,
Lord, I'm walking down the line, lord, I'm walking down the line,
Queen Mary, she's my friend. Yes, I believe I'll go see her again,
And you know that it's something special you're needing,
"Well, I got up and I walked around,
I think we better talk this over,
Now, you may call me Terry or you may call me Timmy,
The path you've endured has been rough,
Seeming to be the chimes of freedom flashing,
Well, I ride on a mail-train, baby, can't buy a thrill,
All your seasick sailors, they're all rowing home,
There's always someone who understands,
Bouncing around a pinball machine,
Well, your streets are getting empty,
With a killer's pride, security,
A-nobody feels any pain tonight as I stand inside the rain,
Sara, Sara, wherever we travel, we're never apart,
I been riding the midnight train,
Dead man, dead man, when will you arise,
I swung on to my old guitar,
Just as sure as we're living, just as sure as you're born,
You can tell her that I had to see the world, tell her that my ship's at sail,
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread,
You will start out standing, proud to steal her anything she sees,
She talks to all the servants about man and God and law,
Vanished from my hand,
No direction home,
There's a lion in the road, there's a demon escaped,
The cat's in the well, the leaves are starting to fall,
Don't let her know that you love her,
Now I just pass mournfully by that place where bones of life are piled,
Seven more days she'll be coming,
That you'd have liked me to,
In a crowded room full of covered-up mirrors,
Nine hundred miners had laid their money down,
Move lightly from the ledge, babe,
To satisfy, ensure you not to quit,
But you've picked up quite a story and you've changed since the womb,
Because he don't increase his worth at someone else's expense,
As the tune drifted out, she breathed hard through the echo,
Well, she puts her cigar out in my face just for kicks,
Father of black, father of white,
Then she opened up a book of poems and handed it to me,
You had enough of hatred,
And I just turn my back while you silently die,
You want watered-down love,
Last night I danced with a stranger,
The sunny sky is aqua-blue,
And every cause that ever I fought,
It might be the devil, it might be the Lord,
It wasn't me that made him fall,
Screaming, she moans that I've just been made,
Way out in the distance I know you're with some other man,
I'm watching the roads, I'm studying the dust,
If you're traveling in the north country fair,
She'll do wondrous a-works with your fate,
I can feel it in the wind, in the wind, in the wind and it's upside down,
He's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand,
At the mongrel dogs who teach,
And tomorrow's morning seems so far away,
If you go when the snowflakes fall,
Your nose can only smell two kinds of hallways,
Spanish is the loving tongue,
Kill that beast and feed that swine,
Your babies're crying louder now, it's pounding on your brain,
Take a message to Mary, but don't tell her where I am,
I went down where the vultures feed,
Might like to drink whiskey, might like to drink milk,
There's only one step down from here, baby,
How many times have you heard someone say,
Oh, the locusts sang off in the distance,
Oh, I know where I can find you,
Just tell her that I went to Timbuktu, tell her that I'm searching for gold,
Sleeping in the saddle, sleeping in a king-size bed,
We got you for the motel job and you talking to your friend, Bello,
That of all the eyes out there I could see none,
They'll stone you when you're riding in your seat,
Don't let her see that you need her,
For his age he is wise,
He had a-one too many lovers and none of 'em were too refined - all except for you,
You know, I once knew a woman who looked like you,
Now, don't come running holding up your hand,
There were six thousand people trying to kill each other,
That won't laugh at your looks, your voice, or your face,
Far away from it all,
Ring them bells, St. Catherine, from the top of the room,
The only thing I knew how to do was keep on keeping on like a bird that flew,
Searching high, searching low,
You say you're sorry for telling me stories you know I believe are true,
Where charity is supposed to cover up a multitude of sins,
Got a long, black feeling and it's hard to trace,
Mama come in and picked up a book and papa asked her what it was,
Come, let us fly, my Magdalena,
She is good to me and there's nothing she doesn't see,
I had a dream about you, baby,
And Arthur and I, we soon drew our hogs,
What good am I if I know and don't do,
I got my walking shoes, I got my walking shoes,
Now I've just got to go before I get to the ledge,
She aches just like a woman,
She looking into my eyes, she's holding my hand,
Don't wanna amuse nobody, I don't wanna be amused,
That icy wind that's howling in your eye,
I saw a white ladder all covered with water,
Who breathe and burp and bend and crack,
Tolling for the searching ones on their speechless, seeking trail,
And everybody likes to stop and speak,
Categorize me or hypnotize me,
This must be the day that all of my dreams come true,
Riding first-class train, making the round,
Advertising signs, they con,
Summer days, summer nights are gone,
Baby, please stop crying, stop crying, stop crying,
I was looking every place for them god-darned Reds,
Yes, everybody's wondering when your friendship's gonna end,
I'm here to create the new imperial empire,
Going ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street,
We'll go someplace unknown,
The sword swallower walks up to you and he kneels,
He just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk,
Gonna change my way of thinking, bring myself a different set of rules,
The coachman, he hit me for my hook and--and he asked me my name,
Like some mystery,
"Gentlemen," he said, "I don't need your organization,
I can still see them playing with their pails in the sand,
The bridge that you travel on goes to the Babylon girl with the rose in her hair,
That four ears cannot hear him,
I stepped up to my rival, dagger in my hand,
Leaving the towns I love the best,
And play games with each other in their sand-box world,
See her in that very tight skirt,
At the close of the day,
Me and my baby walking down the street,
I'll go see them come down my way,
Shake the dust off of your feet, don't look back,
There's a black Mercedes rolling through the combat zone,
She heard the melody rise and fade, the sun was coming up,
Houses are haunted, children are unwanted,
There was an old man and he lived in the moon,
It's mighty funny, the end of time has just begun,
Wherever I am welcome is where I will be,
But, to remain as friends,
When you gonna wake up, when you gonna wake up,
Who eats, but is not satisfied, who hears, but does not see,
Standing on a corner a-ringing my bell,
And your rope is a-sliding 'cause your hands are dripping,
I like the way you love me strong and slow,
Well, the moon going up like wildfire, I feel the breath of the storm,
am just a poor boy, though my story's seldom told,
Einstein, disguised as Robin Hood, with his memories in a trunk,
Her folks, they said our lives together sure was gonna be rough,
Shut the eyes of the dead not to embarrass anyone,
My thoughts of you don't ever rest - they'd kill me if I lie,
Give you delusions of grandeur and an evil eye,
All that's gold doesn't shine,
I can't wait, wait for you to change your mind,
Businessmen, they drink my wine and plowmen dig my earth,
Buy me some rings and a gun that sings, a flute that toots and a bee that stings,
Who despise their jobs, their destinies,
Not a word was spoke between us, there was little risk involved,
He felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train,
I go half-crazy when she calls my name,
The day you quit me, baby,
And you feel the reins from your pony are slipping,
Broken bodies, broken bones,
May God bless and keep you always, may your wishes all come true,
Now, his holiest books have been trampled upon,
He finishes his drink, he gets up from the table,
To the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum,
Let me sleep in your meadows with the green, grassy leaves,
To get it to work for you like your nine-pound hammer did,
As human gods aim for their mark,
You came up behind me, I saw you go by,
He been around the world and back again,
Well, today's been a sad, old, lonesome day,
Out on runway number nine, big 707 set to go,
Well, he's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace,
The winds of change are blowing wild and free,
I looked for my friends, but I never could find them,
Doesn't have to say she's faithful,
Bullets can harm you and death can disarm you, but, no, you will not be deceived,
May be hung on the dais, hanging out to dry,
And it ain't no use in a-calling out my name, babe,
Feel like my soul has turned into steel,
To know that some other man is holding you tight,
When the pool of tears beneath my feet flood every newborn seed,
I can finish this alone, honey,
To get their kicks, get out of it quick,
It's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's ever seen,
Please see she has a coat so warm,
A-Me and my cousin, one Arthur McBride,
Well, our train leaves at a-half past ten,
But, if you ride back and I am left,
If every little sound just might be thunder,
Lily was a princess, she was fair-skinned and precious as a child,
Friends with you,
Well, the walls of pride are high and wide,
Well, if I should die 'fore my time should come,
Don't forsake me, baby, don't sell me out,
Or you can go to Brooklyn State Hospital,
If tomorrow wasn't such a long time,
You close your eyes and part your lips and slip your fingers from your glove,
If I just turn away when I see how you're dressed,
Hang around the ink-well,
The ringleaders from the county seat say you don't have all that much time,
Sleeping in the alley, sleeping in the dust,
"I hit him, I hit him, yes, it's true,
But, until men lose their chains and righteousness reigns,
Walk upside-down inside handcuffs,
"Those are the hills of heaven, my love,
Whose heaven is like Ironside's, whose tears are like rain,
Well, first he's in the background and then he's in the front,
Goodness hides behind its gates,
I'll look for you in old Honolulu, San Francisco, or Ashtabula,
I'm not the one you want, babe,
Winterlude by the corn in the field,
Skies are gray, I'm looking for anything that'll bring a happy glow,
Nobody to rescue me, nobody would dare,
And when it all came crashing down, I was already south,
I've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains,
With his pointed shoes and his bells,
Far away where the soft winds blow,
And joined the John Birch Society,
Strangers all give me the news,
Never did feel this way before,
As her thoughts pounded hard like the pierce of an arrow,
Hold me, baby, be near,
The gallows' shadows shook the evening,
Idiot wind blowing through the flowers on your tomb,
I've been broken, shattered like an empty cup,
I did it for - because he lied, 'cause he took you for a ride,
Stone you and then they'll close the door,
Though I know that evening's empire has returned into sand,
Going down to see soft gut, going to have some fun,
Get back, write Braille,
Sleep with one eye open when you slumber,
I've been double-crossed now for the very last time and I think I finally see,
Out to the windy beach,
Now, his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the cyanide hole,
I had a job in the Great North Woods working as a cook for a spell,
I don't remember who I was or where I was bound,
But he never did like it all that much and one day the ax just fell,
Father who teacheth the bird to fly,
Fools, they made a mock of sin,
My bewildering brain toils in vain,
I tried to reach you, honey,
Saying, "Fist-fighting is here to stay,
Yes, and I'll go last,
Oh, I miss my darling so, I didn't mean to see her go,
He that gets hurt will be he who has stalled,
Well, there's a woman on my block, she'll just sit there facing the hill,
Well, the road is rocky and the hillside's mud,
And his cheeks in a chunk, with his cheese in the cash,
Someone who don't pick herself up to make every man her friend,
A saxophone someplace played, she was walking on by the arcade,
But now morning is clear,
The one we can see and can feel,
Most of the time it's well understood,
Well, I was feeling sad and kind of blue,
I'm going out of my mind,
I knew right away he was not ordinary,
Oh, mama, is this really the end,
Cat's in the well and the horse is going bumpety-bump,
Oh, you gone to the finest school, alright, Ms. Lonely,
Big Jim was no one's fool, he owned the town's only diamond mine,
I have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night,
Don't wanna treat nobody like they was dirt,
Till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners,
Striking for the guardians and protectors of the mind,
But you need it badly and it lays on the street,
I wanna thank You, Lord,
You just ain't a-gonna find it on your ticket stub,
Get you a copper kettle, get you a copper coil,
Try to flag a ride back home, pretty mama,
I'd give you the sky high above,
Down the highway, down the tracks, down the road to ecstasy,
May be working in a barbershop, you may know how to cut hair,
Well, it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe,
Dad's in a hallway looking hard for the fuze,
Believe me, ain't no lie, Lord, Lord,
Who directed me down to the Bowery slums,
Watching the river flow,
Well, underneath that tree there's just gonna be you and me,
They said that he was sick 'cause he didn't play by the rules,
Well, I'm sitting on my watch so I can be on time,
I left town at dawn with Marcel and St. John,
The lieutenant, he has gone, the lieutenant, he has gone,
Past the Aztec ruins and the ghosts of our people,
The police department hounded him, they called him "Mr. Smith",
He shot poor Willie through the head, which was a tragic fate,
All I want you to do is take me when I die,
I fell down to my bended knees,
He said, "I saw two men running out, they looked like middleweights,
I'm on the rolling river in a jerking boat,
And emptied the ashtrays on a whole other level,
And, when I'm called up yonder and it's my time to go,
I see the sailing boats across the bay go by,
You need something special, alright, you need something special to give you hope,
Way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls,
Now, he looked so immaculately frightful as he bummed a cigarette,
I want you,
They say I shot a man named Gray and took his wife to Italy,
Well, they used to grow food in Kansas,
Or is it because you remind me of something that used to be,
If anything is gonna sell,
First to come in was the flying moth,
You may be the heavyweight champion of the world,
Don't know how it all got started, I don't know what they're doing with their lives,
You're a rascal, I know exactly where you're going,
You want to talk to me, go ahead and talk,
Now, I likes to do just like the rest, I like my sugar sweet,
Well, there are preachers in the pulpit and the babies in the cribs,
Last night the wind was whispering, I was trying to make out what it was,
Wedding bells're ringing, the choir is beginning to sing,
Queen Mary, she's my friend, yes, I believe I'll go see her again,
I can't see my reflection in the water,
Don't steal, don't lift,
Love that's pure no accident,
Love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round,
'Cause you're drifting too far from shore, yeah,
I didn't know whether the world was flat or round, I had the worst taste in my mouth that I ever knew,
Let the bird sing, let the bird fly,
The air is getting hotter,
God knows everything,
No more booby traps and bombs, no more decadence and charm,
It's a part of me now, it's been cherished and saved,
Got a magnifying glass like Sherlock Holmes,
Says he's got a bad bill,
Well, I return to the Queen of Spades and talk with my chambermaid,
Watch the river flow,
Well, the wind keeps blowing me up and down the street,
You got something better,
It was a girl I learned it from,
Born in Red Hook, Brooklyn, in the year of a-who knows when,
Lord, I'm broke, I'm hungry, ragged and dirty too,
Don't know what I could say about Claudette wouldn't come back to haunt me,
But I will be back, I will survive,
Some things are too hot to touch,
So unknown,
I just say no thanks,
Rubin Carter was falsely tried,
Getting harder and harder to recognize the trap,
You can travel anywhere and hang yourself there,
"What should the wedding supper be?" Uh-huh,
Next to come in was a broken-back flea, uh-huh,
They said, "Don't you tell Henry,
You wear a blue scarf upon your head,
We've killed each one,
You're going to Sodom and Gomorrah,
"Well, I ain't gonna tell you no story, I ain't gonna tell you no lie,
You walk into the room like a camel and then you frown,
Summer's almost gone, winter's coming on,
And your train-engine fire needs a new spark to catch it,
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day,
"My--it wasn't me that knocked him down,
It was Rock-A-Day Johnny singing,
I gazed down in the river's mirror and watched its winding strum,
Well, I've been to the mountain and I've been in the wind,
Every moon is so sanctified,
Rubin could take a man out with just one punch,
I was in a whirlwind, now I'm in some better place,
And when it finally--the bottom fell out, I became withdrawn,
Since every pleasure's got an edge of pain,
It ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe,
Want you so bad,
Unto the shoe-less hunter who's gone deaf,
Smell that sweet magnolia blooming, see the ghost of slavery ships,
I dreamed a dream that made me sad,
Pressing on - well, I can't turn 'round,
I see-I see silhouettes in the window,
On a night like this I'm so glad you're here to stay,
Give me the wings and I could fly,
Like in the middle of Life magazine,
You can have the best there is, but it's gonna cost you all your love,
Well, it may be the devil and it may be the Lord,
Three by three they're turning the key,
Oh, jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule,
Struck by the sounds before the sun, I knew the night had gone,
I've already ripped out the phones, honey,
He hears the ticking of the clocks and walks along with a parrot that talks,
Bird on the horizon sitting on a fence,
But you're doing it again,
I need something strong to distract my mind,
Senor, Senor, you know, their hearts're as hard as leather,
Look out, kid,
Don't have to go to Russia or Iran,
Telling everybody in the neighborhood,
Is used, it is plain,
Meet me in the morning, 56th and Wabasha,
She fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear,
Hmm, it's a price I have to pay,
"It's too bad he had to die that night,
Politician's got on his jogging shoes,
Where the morning rain don't fall and the sun always shines,
So, all you rambling gamblers, wherever you might be,
You play with my world like it's your little toy,
But you and I, we've been through that and this is not our fate,
Hmm, with a pain that stops and starts,
With great lawyers and scholars you've discussed lepers and crooks,
Beyond here lies nothing,
Oh, Lord, oh, Lord,
But I did not trust my brother, I carried him to blame,
Who among them could ever think he could destroy you,
And, if my thought-dreams could be seen,
And, though the rules of the road have been lodged,
Sometimes feel so low-down and disgusted,
That you're tired of yourself and all your creations,
Just a minute 'fore you leave, girl,
He said every man's conscience is vile and depraved,
Don't try No Doz,
And the poet and the painter, far behind his rightful time,
There's a ship and it sails on the sea,
Might like to eat caviar, you might like to eat bread,
And, when we meet again, introduced as friends,
Princess up on the steeple and all them pretty people,
Flung down by corpse evangelists,
Well, the comic book and me, just us, we caught the bus,
In this room the heat-pipes just cough,
But she's drifting like a satellite,
Got a head full of ideas that are driving me insane,
And your bell's banging loudly but you can't hear its beat,
Well, the unions are big business, friend,
And there he spied his darling bride in the arms of Blackjack Davey,
Father who build the mountain so high,
"Take care of all of your memories," said Mick,
"No, there's nothing you can send me, my own true love,
You gave me babies, one, two, three - what is more? you saved my life,
I saw a little chicken a-down on his knees,
"Stop all this weeping, swallow your pride,
Standing on a corner a-just ringing my bell,
My senses have been stripped,
Go lightly from the ledge, babe,
I have no one to meet,
But, if you want me to,
Saying, "Gold will never free your father,
Said I'm pressing on,
You pressed me once, you pressed me twice,
The endless road and the wailing of chimes,
A world war can be won you want me to believe,
Whose suffering seemed to fit you like a glove,
To gather flowers constantly,
That the clinging of the church bells blew far into the breeze,
Time is piling up, we struggle and we scrape,
I was burned out from exhaustion, buried in the hail,
I was thinking about turquoise, I was thinking about gold,
There was a man named Mahatma Gandhi,
Four by four they danced on the shore,
Don't wanna marry nobody if they're already married,
There ain't no limit to the amount of trouble women bring,
My existence led by confusion boats,
He drank Coca-Cola, he was eating Wonder Bread,
All day long I hear his voice shouting so loud,
You came through it all the way, flying through the skies,
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49,
I'll see you later when I'm not so out of my head,
But the crowd woulda booed, I'm sure,
The reincarnation of Paul Revere's horse,
Call your ma in Tallahassee,
I shall be released,
As I went out one morning to breathe the air around Tom Paine's,
But, if you do right to me, baby, I'll do right to you too,
I'm stark naked, but I don't care,
One push of the button, then a shot the world wide,
Ten thousand women all dressed in white,
You're the one I been waiting for, you're the one that I desire,
They took all the trees, they put 'em in a tree museum,
Don't wanna learn from nobody what I gotta unlearn,
Now, if you see Saint Annie, please tell her "Thanks a lot",
Them Reds did it,
In order to get in a word with you, I'd a-have to come up with some excuse,
Of every earthly plan that be known to man He is unconcerned,
Well, I don't deserve it, but I sure did make it through,
My tablecloth's from Malaysia,
Now, every time, you know, when the well breaks down,
Like criminals they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer,
A dream about you, baby,
And reflect from the mountain so all souls can see it,
"There are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke,
Oh, the locusts sang such a sweet melody,
Well, the nature of man is to beg and to steal,
I was on the battleground, you were home acting proud,
Had nothing to do with picnic,
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie,
If you got a lotta money, you can make yourself merry,
Our loyalty they tried to win,
Next to come in was the old, gray cat,
But I need a woman, it ain't no crime,
Well, she's got jet-pilot eyes from her hips on down,
He oversees his kingdom, where no stranger does intrude,
You were there in the winter, moonlight on the snow,
Odds and ends, odds and ends,
Tolling for the luckless, the abandoned and forsaked,
Of course, you're gonna think this song is a riff,
To protect his white skin,
Yeah, from the stage they'll be trying to get water outta rocks,
I take what I gets and I even the score,
There's a hymn I used to hear in the churches all the time,
Through many a dark hour I've been thinking about this,
You know that we are strangers in a land we passing through,
You can mislead a man, take hold of his heart with your eyes,
Clergymen in uniform and young girls pulling bustles,
I hired out to Diamond Joe, boys, did offer him my hand,
I wish I could write you a melody so plain,
You always responded when I needed your help,
Hawlin Alley, I thought I heard a bulldog bark,
Truth is an arrow and the gate is narrow that it passes through,
People carry roses,
He saw an animal that liked to snort, horns on his head and they weren't too short,
Purple clover, Queen Anne lace, crimson hair across your face,
They got him outnumbered 'bout a million to one,
Drinking in some bar to hide your sorrow,
Well, I'm living in a foreign country, but I'm bound to cross the line,
I grabbed my hat and away I'd run,
If tonight was not a crooked trail,
Nicodemus came at night, so he wouldn't be seen by men,
Everything you've gotten you've gotten by sweat, blood, and the muscle,
All you can do is do what you must,
In the smoke of the twilight, on a milk-white steed,
I had to leave there in a hurry,
Now, I watched you slowly disappear down into the officers' club,
Did he make it to the top? Well, he probably did and dropped,
One time ago a crazy dream came to me,
What good am I if I'm like all the rest,
If your time to you is worth saving,
Sheiks walking around like kings, wearing fancy jewels and nose-rings,
She wears an Egyptian ring and it sparkles just before she speaks,
I don't care how rough the road is, show me where it starts,
I bargained for salvation and she give me a lethal dose,
Your eyes were on fire, your feet were of brass,
Yes, I'm walking kind of funny, Lord,
Honest as the next jade rolling that stone,
Go down to the river, babe,
I'm going down to Rose Marie's,
And when it's time for leaving Mozambique,
Tell me,
Come, you masters of war, you that build the big guns,
Camping out all night on the veranda,
Oh, a false clock tries to tick out my time,
No one in front of me and nothing behind,
Windows were shaking all night in my dreams,
I went out on Lower Broadway and I felt that place within,
Too serious to fool,
Brownsville girl with your Brownsville curls,
You know, news of you has come down the line,
Hmm, I can make it through,
And you wish you'd never taken that last detour sign,
Yes, my guard stood hard when abstract threats,
I saw a room full of men with their hammers bleeding,
Jesus said, "Be ready for you know not the hour which I come",
The trailing moss and mystic glow, the purple blossoms soft as snow,
My woman needs it every day,
Well, I been pacing 'round the room hoping maybe she'd come back,
Blowing down the backroads, heading south,
Old New York City is a friendly, old town,
Cold, black glass don't make no mirror,
Someone to close his heart,
She's delicate and seems like the mirror,
Wasn't falling for any intricate scheme,
You will be alright, girl,
Serve somebody,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a ton of lead,
Princess on the steeple and all pretty people,
Said when you been good now, can't do no more,
You follow, find yourself at war,
Time passes slowly up here in the daylight,
Speaking to some French girl,
Well, the desert is hot, the mountain is cursed,
When first I came to Louisville some pleasure there to find,
Surrender your crown on this bloodstained ground, take up off your mask,
Though the night ran swirling and whirling,
Look into infinity, all you see is trouble,
All my fathers, they've gone down,
Eh, in somebody's room,
They're spoon-feeding Casanova, get him to feel more assured,
To the marketplace, merchants and thieves hungry for power,
I've been hit too hard, I seen too much,
Old-lady judges watch people in pairs,
Who among them, do you think, could resist you,
Gonna sing it loud, sing it strong,
Be careful not to touch the wall - there's a brand-new coat of paint,
I'll go to some bar-room and drink with my friends,
High sheriff on my trail, boys, high sheriff on my trail,
They say every distance is not near,
Hmm, I hope that you can hear,
Winter would have no spring,
I seen your lover man coming, coming 'cross the barren field,
Lone Wolf went out drinking - that was over pretty fast,
Don't untie the ties that bind,
You been down to the bottom with a bad man, babe,
How many a year has passed and gone,
So, run here, baby, put your little hands in mine,
And accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone,
Outside the streets were filling up, the window was open wide,
A-don't take a-this heaven from one,
May be sleeping on the floor, sleeping in a king-size bed,
People talk of situations,
"It will lead you into some strange pursuits,
I wish to my soul I had seven years, uh-huh,
Lord, listen to that cold whistle blow,
Memory, ecstasy,
That's been banging and booming and blowing forever,
She said, "This can't be the end, we'll meet on another day on the avenue,
You angel, you, you're as fine as anything's fine,
Come, you ladies and you gentlemen, listen to my song,
The multitude wanted to make Him king, put a crown upon His head,
I got my walking shoes and I ain't a-gonna lose,
The empty rooms, where her memory is protected,
He would roar all day and he'd roar all night and I guess he's roaring yet,
I met little Sadie and I blowed her down,
So now I'm going back on again, I got to get to them somehow,
The dusky light the day is losing, orchids, poppies, black-eyed Susan,
You can look out across the fields, see me returning,
The king of the Philistines, his soldiers to save,
'Twas down in Chaynee County, a time they talk about,
I can see through your walls and I know you're hurting,
West of the Jordan, east of the Rock of Gibraltar,
You that build the death planes, you that build the big bombs-a,
That sailed through the air and came down through the room,
Come running down your stairs, combing back your yellow hair,
One day the man in the moon went home and the river went dry,
I was thinking about Isis, how she thought I was so reckless,
And we made a football of his rowdy-dow-dow,
"Fly down, fly down, pretty parrot," she cried,
Yes, that's the story of the "Hurricane",
He had a steady job, he joined the choir,
Well, the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount,
I heard ten thousand whispering and nobody listening,
I won't have my nature way,
I didn't realize just what I did hear,
I got no place left to turn,
A complete unknown,
Into her dark chamber she will greet you,
They called Joe "Crazy", the baby they called "Kid Blast",
She screamed till her face got so red, then she fell on the floor,
Well, I don't mind a reasonable amount of trouble - trouble always comes to pass,
Now, after weeks and weeks of hanging around,
For a few crumbs and a place to hide,
Well, I've been to London and I've been to gay Paris,
She's in Santa Fe, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Santa Fe,
Oh, the streets of Rome are filled with rubble,
She ain't much to look at, but, like I said,
Now, I've always been the kind of person that doesn't like to trespass,
I run right home and I went to bed,
Where my friends and I spent many an afternoon,
I pulled out for San Anton', I never felt so good,
They took a clean-cut kid,
He bought the American dream, but it put him in debt,
Turn your back, wash your hands,
Well, I'm so glad,
Say he's hard of hearing, say that he's a chump,
He hears the ticking of the clocks, walks alone through the city blocks,
I ain't a-gonna get lost in this current,
Maybe someday there'll be nothing to tell,
Yes, I'm leaving in the morning just as soon as the dark clouds lift,
This time I'm asking for freedom,
And I feel like I'm knocking on a-heaven's door,
Call me any name you like, I will never deny it,
Sailing down the Mississippi to a town called New Orleans,
Done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long,
I don't care if you feel like me,
Four by four, no illusion for,
Winterlude by the telephone wire,
They'd probably put my head in a guillotine,
And your eyes get swimmy from the tears in your head,
Won't pervert you, corrupt you with foolish wishes,
I'm going down the river,
Ooh, baby, ooh-ee,
Yes, the comic book and me, just us, we caught the bus,
When she lays upon the grass,
And all the while he was alone, the past was close behind,
Underneath that tree there's just gonna be you and me,
False-hearted judges dying in the webs that they spin,
Tearing through these quarters in the utmost misery,
Well, she pulled off them long, blue gloves all made of the finest leather,
And where do you look for this hope that you're seeking,
Nations are angry, cursed are some,
I'm getting up in the morning, I believe I'll dust my broom,
Well, I was eating with the pigs off a fancy tray,
Well, feeling like I just climbed outta my casket,
But you changed my life, you came along in a time of strife,
With a bottle of oil in his hand,
Don't fall apart on me tonight,
Front door shut, back door too,
Listen to that cold whistle blow,
On the jugglers and the clowns when they all came down to do tricks for you,
And Rosemary on the gallows, she didn't even blink,
People tell me it's a sin to know and feel too much within,
Something about you that I can't shake,
He did ten years in Attica, [incomprehensible] and Wilhelm Reich,
Now, Ira returned a hero, celebrated throughout the land,
Who pounds the print in his old typewriter,
Then he started into dealing with slaves and something inside of him died,
Let the dead bury the dead, your time will come,
And you search in vain to find just one law-abiding citizen,
They got Charles Darwin trapped out there on Highway Five,
To strict party-platform ties,
And I see you in the street, I begin to swoon,
The weather was hot, a-nearly ninety degrees,
Tell me now with a glance or a sigh,
Be it mine right or wrongfully,
I keep seeing visions of you, a lily among thorns,
Yes, the last thing you said before you hit the street,
Where the winds hit heavy on the borderline,
I woulda followed you in the door, but I didn't have a ticket stub,
She would have married me,
I came in from the east with the sun in my eyes,
Stone you when you're set down in your grave,
Temptation's page a-flies out the door,
Must be living in the shadow of some kind of evil star,
I said, "Nothing, baby, and that's for sure." She leaned down into my face,
Woman that I love, she got two flat feet,
Well, the ocean took my baby,
I've been saved by the blood of the lamb,
Joey, Joey,
And it's ride, Willie, ride,
Flowers on the hillside blooming crazy,
Yeah, I see my light come shining from the west out to the east,
But, you know, it's gonna be too late,
At your feet - at your feet to convince you of your pain,
You're right from your side, I'm right from mine,
Since the madman, a-he's so glad,
And the whole world's watching with the "window-peek" stare,
Father who taketh the darkness away,
I hitched up my pony to a post on the right,
Well, the rain beating down on my windowpane,
You need something to open up a new door,
Without a love of my own,
He is centuries old,
And about how she was thinking of bumming a ride back to from where she started,
I went back to see the gypsy, it was nearly early dawn,
I see-I see lovers in the meadow,
Oh, I know it had to be that way, it was written in the cards,
But to think of how she left that night it still brings me a chill,
I paid one thousand two hundred twenty-seven dollars and fifty-five cents,
He was a friend of mine, he was a friend of mine,
Broken idols, broken heads,
Hazel, stardust in your eye,
Went to the station down in the yard,
They say that your ore ain't worth digging,
I was blinded by the devil, born already ruined,
Then a lady in a bright orange dress,
Gargles in the rat-race choir,
Stone you just like you got hit by a truck,
Broken bottles, broken plates,
Got blood in my eyes for you, baby,
I'm sick of love, that I'm in the thick of it,
A lover for your life, but nothing more,
Never needed to call you my whore,
They'll stone you when you're walking on the floor,
Blackness was a virtue and the road was full of mud,
The war soon being over, they hunted all around,
A summer breeze is blowing, a squall is setting in,
"She's waiting at home like a patient saint,
Made before the foundation of--of the world,
But, if you gotta go, it's alright,
Pulled my cap down over my eyes,
The last of leaves fell from the trees and clung to a new love's breast,
I courted lovely Flora some pleasure for to find,
I would not feel so all alone,
Tolling for the aching, whose wounds cannot be nursed,
Sister's on the highway with that steel-driving crew,
Hattie Carroll was a maid in the kitchen,
It's gonna be the meanest flood that anybody's seen,
They say every man must need protection,
Lazy stadium night, catfish on the mound,
Saved,
Now, he's a king of the drunk and he squeezes, too,
Well, I don't mind dying,
They were in the air, they were on the ground,
Teeth like pearls shining like the moon above,
Sometimes I wonder what's going on with Miss X,
She's holding them little, white shoes and that little, broken toy,
The lamp-post stands with folded arms,
They'll stone you when you're trying to make a buck,
My money comes and goes, my money comes and goes,
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I'm gonna give away all my sins,
Noontime and I'm still on the road, on the darkest part,
My love winks, she doesn't bother,
They'll stone you and they'll say that it's the end,
I know what it is that has drawn me to your door,
He said that he only deals in cash, would sell tickets to a plane crash,
She left here last early spring, is living there, I hear,
Legislature, perverted nature, doors that are rudely slammed,
And I--I don't mind the pain,
Mama, I can hear that thunder roar,
In the great unknown,
Tomorrow's never what it's supposed to be,
Just thinking of a series of dreams,
Ashes in the furnace, dust on the rise,
Mama, put my guns in the ground,
Sugar baby, get on down the road, you ain't got no brains no how,
God knows that, when you see it,
I can still hear his voice crying in the wilderness,
I been a moonshiner for seventeen long years,
There's a kingdom called Heaven, a place where there is no pain of birth,
Said it was the land of milk and honey,
To hang and to lynch,
Everywhere you go, it's enough to break hearts,
It still ain't me, babe,
There's too many people, too many to recall,
To have--be on your own,
He did ten years in Attica, reading Nietzsche and Wilhelm Reich,
You know I love you and, furthermore,
I can hear them tribes moaning, hear that undertaker's bell,
I know that fortune is waiting to be kind,
Well, I'm tired of talking, I'm tired of trying to explain,
Or maybe it's the weather or something like that,
The moonlight reflects from the window, where the snowflakes, they cover the sand,
I peeked behind the picture frame,
And it ain't no use in turning on your light, babe,
And them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free,
Hey, hey, babe, I got blood in my eyes for you,
I don't mind who you'll be waking with tomorrow,
You hand in your money to go watch the geek,
Owns a tobacco farm of six hundred acres,
Last night the wind was whispering something, I's trying to make out what it was,
And pretend that we never have touched,
Like a rolling stone,
You've tried to change me ever since you've met me,
The angels play on their horns all day,
And give him back the time he's done,
It's too late to listen to that warning voice,
Well, I got up in the morning, looked under my bed,
City's just a jungle, more games to play,
I hate myself for loving you and the weakness that it showed,
Make promises by the hour,
You can hurt someone and not even know it,
Genghis Khan, he could not keep all his kings supplied with sleep,
Her passport shows a face from another time and place, she looks a-nothing like that,
Broken dishes, broken parts,
Well, he deep in number and heavy in toil,
Your own empty-handed army is all going home,
"And we have no desire to take your advance,
I pity the poor immigrant whose strength is spent in vain,
If she ain't feeling well,
Sugar baby, get on down the line, you ain't got no brains no how,
Face full of black soot,
Take or shake or forsake you out,
Later on, when the crowd thinned out, I was getting ready to leave,
Now, the Union Central is pulling out, the orchids are in bloom,
And it ain't on Macy's window-sill,
Oh, mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes,
Young man looking in the shadows that pass,
Don't let her know,
I'm a stranger here and no one sees me, except you, yeah, you,
You got a lotta nerve to say you are my friend,
Some trigger-happy fool willing to take chances,
At night I dream of bells in the village steeple,
Brighton girls are like the moon,
Ooh, watered-down love,
Next to come in was a big, black snake,
We'll just put some bleachers out in the sun,
And I'm in the shade,
Daddy's in the alley, he's looking for food,
Steal a little and they throw you in jail,
Go all the way to the other side of the world, you'll find trouble there,
Uncle went riding, trip downtown, uh-huh,
Voices echo, "This is what salvation must be like after a while",
Most of the time she ain't even in my mind,
Sometimes I'm thinking I'm too high to fall,
She's tossing a baseball bat in the air,
Oh, though the earth may shake me,
But you're gonna serve somebody,
Uncle Rat went running downtown, uh-huh,
Eye for eye and tooth for tooth, your love cuts like a knife,
I need your love so bad, turn your lamp down low,
See for me if her hair is hanging long,
Looking at the window at the pecan pie,
I ain't looking to block you up,
You have given me life to live,
Sleeping in the woods by a fire in the night,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle all dressed in green,
I should have known better, baby, I should have called your bluff,
And there's two white horses following me,
Gave to him her lily-white hand and say good-bye forever,
They said "Aye" and away they rode,
Won't hold you back, won't get in your way,
Don't wanna buy nobody, don't wanna be bought,
Idiot wind blowing every time you move your mouth,
Some're masters of illusion, some're ministers of the trade,
I seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of you,
Lord, I got the worried blues,
I do not pace the floor bowed down and bent, but yet,
If you don't believe there's a price for this sweet paradise,
Now, Eisenhower, he's a Russian spy,
Silly Nelly was there, she told him a yarn,
My voice is really warm, it's just that it ain't got no form,
Then the volcano erupted and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above,
And to come every time you call,
Where do you look for this oil-well gushing,
Well, my heart's in the Highlands with the horses and hounds,
Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed,
I once loved a woman that's a child, I'm told,
Watered-down love,
Past the tree of smoke, past the angel with four faces,
Nobody can get any sleep, there's someone on everybody's toes,
So swiftly the sun sets in the sky,
Way up yonder, great will be her reward,
Up in the Rocky Mountains in a town called Cripple Creek,
I don't wanna fake you out,
Mary, Mark, and Luke, and John,
And, if anybody asks me,
In the image of someone you used to know,
I got to see you, baby, I don't care,
Oh, come all without, yeah, come all within,
But ye shall be a-changed,
He gave me a string of horses so old they could not stand,
I never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine,
Now, the senator came down here showing everyone his gun,
Socialism, hypnotism,
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime,
They said "Congratulations, you got what it takes",
You prayed to the Lord above, oh, please send you a friend,
From the fireplace where now my letters to you are burning,
Tears on the letter that I write,
I looked way up my chimney-hole,
And every girl that ever I've hurt,
I was born in Dixie in a boomer's shack,
Well, they'll choose a man for you to meet tonight,
Well, the rain-man comes with his magic wand,
They'll stone you and they'll be back again,
By and by I'm breathing a lover's sigh,
Straight was the track to the top of the hill,
Freedom, just around the corner for you,
But don't tell me about it, I don't wanna hear it,
Well, Georgia Sam, he had a bloody nose,
Pounced with fire on flaming roads,
I'm living in a foreign country, but I'm bound to cross the line,
The wildest cat from Montana passes by in a flash,
Who's a-gonna kiss your Memphis lips when I'm out in the wind,
Honey, just for you to climb,
I see the turning of the page, curtain rising on a new age,
They say eat, drink, and be merry, take the bull by the horns,
Come, writers and critics who prophesize with your pen,
Your grandpa's cane, it turns into a sword,
You came, you saw, just like the law,
She turned around to look at me as I was a-walking away,
She was a backwoods girl, but she sure was realistic,
Speak jealously of them that are free,
Stone you when you're standing at the bar,
Some are mathematicians, some are truck drivers' wives,
Don't show me no picture-show or give me no book to read,
Next to come in was the Juney bug,
She smiled and she went right down, she looked up and all around,
Oh, the age of the inmates I remember quite freely,
Say that he's a loser 'cause he got no common sense,
Just remember that death is not the end,
All except for Cain and Abel and the Hunchback of Notre Dame,
"Tell me, great hero, but please make it brief,
Pouring off of every page like it was written in my soul, from me to you,
Always was a sucker for the right cross,
Where Ma Rainey and Beethoven once unwrapped their bedroll,
Shine your light, shine your light on me,
That's the day you die, Lord, Lord,
Each one playing a horn,
But Joey stepped up and he raised his hands, said, "We're not those kind of men,
Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile,
Most of the time my head is on straight,
Enter Patty Valentine from the outer hall,
You took the silver, you took the gold,
Look out across the fields, see me returning,
As his youth now unfolds,
In the home of the brave, Jefferson turning over in his grave,
It was like a revelation when you betrayed me with your touch,
Teachers teach that knowledge waits,
I saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it,
Oh, yes, I'm pressing on,
She walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns,
Or down any movie star's blouse,
Silver angel, with the badge of the lonesome road written in your sleeve,
That the world ain't got you beat, it ain't got you licked,
Praise be to Nero's Neptune, the Titanic sails at dawn,
"Oh, for life, Jim Jones, I'm sending you across the stormy sea,
And, by any number of bets in the book,
Night-sticks and water-cannons, tear gas, padlocks,
Over the hills and far away,
I'm rolling slow, I'm doing all I know,
She looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones,
Come, baby, rock me, come, baby, lock me into the shadows of your heart,
Ten thousand men digging for silver and gold,
Whether you are right or wrong,
And when it all came crashing down, I became withdrawn,
I saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken,
Going, going, gone,
I must admit, felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe,
God don't make promises that He don't keep,
My pretty baby, she's looking around,
What drives a-me to you is what drives me insane,
And gathering storms may arise,
Don't be deceived by those big, bright eyes,
Well, there's one kind of favor I'll ask of you,
The Siamese twins are coming to town,
She's packing up a lease unknown,
And looked for the girl who'd stared for so long,
Spending the time that you borrowed,
Idiot wind blowing through the buttons of our coats,
Rips into your senses, through your body and your mind,
They pray for it nightly that the bloodshed will cease,
My hand's on the saber and you've picked up on the baton,
Lily took her dress off, buried it away,
He took dead-center aim, but he missed just the same,
My daddy, he made whiskey, my granddaddy, he did, too,
Oh, every girl that ever I've touched,
She broke her leg and needed shooting,
Come over here, pony, I wanna climb up one time on you,
Saying, "Tell me, great hero, but please make it brief,
Keep a clean nose,
Put a gun in my hand and you hide from my eyes,
I've been to Sugar Town, I shook the sugar down,
"There must be some way outta here," said the joker to the thief,
I must admit I felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe,
Now, if someone offers me a joke,
The call of the wild is forever at my door,
Pounding print in his old typewriter,
If I didn't have to guess,
With no direction home,
If you'd see me this way,
'Cause I'm leaving in the morning if I have to ride the blinds,
My throat starts to tickle and my nose itches,
Who walks up to you when he hears you speak,
Fanning the flames in the furnace of desire,
You were drawing water for your husband, you were suffering under the law,
"Come on over here, girl, and step into this light - ahh, you're right,
There was a movie I seen one time - I think I sat through it twice,
In a little hilltop village they gambled for my clothes,
Love that's pure won't lead you astray,
Nothing anymore seems to please me, except you, yeah, you,
Sorrow covers you up like a cape,
A handle hid out in the dark,
There's beauty in that silver, singing river,
I spied a fair maid at her labour, which caused me to stay for a while,
Frankie went to the scaffold calm as a girl could be,
Once there was a man who had no eyes,
Well, I gave you all my money,
And your streets are getting empty,
Till both of us fell by the way,
Senor, Senor, let's overturn these tables,
Well, you're on your own - you always were - in a land of wolves and thieves,
Stopped into a renovated hotel with a neon burning bright,
They'll stone you when you're trying to keep your seat,
It's unbelievable, it's strange but true,
And your gentleness now, which you just can't help but show,
For something that he never done,
Well, I'm hitting it too hard, my stones won't take,
Georgia Sam, he had a bloody nose,
Well, well, well,
I saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children,
I'd like to help you, but I'm in a bit of a jam,
It was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart,
For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled,
It's too bad he had to go,
God don't call it treason,
Equality, liberty,
Puts jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves,
It was gravity which pulled us in and destiny which broke us apart,
And I want you to be that woman, yes, I do,
I met a young girl - she gave me a rainbow,
Everybody knows baby's got new clothes,
These people so pretty in their ribbons and bows,
There's a lone soldier on the cross, smoke pouring out of a boxcar door,
My captain, he's decorated, he's well schooled, and he's skilled,
Yes, I been gambling so long,
I got blood in my eyes for you, baby,
They shaved her head, she was torn between Jupiter and Apollo,
They say that Pat Garrett's got your number,
Well, I had to go down and see a guy named Mr. Goldsmith,
I can drink like a fish, I can crawl like a snake,
It's true, I just can't recall San Francisco at all,
I had so much left to do,
Well, I told my baby, I said, "Baby, I know where you been,
Across the street they've nailed the curtains, they're getting ready for the feast,
May your hands always be busy, may your feet always be swift,
When he knocked out a lynch mob, he was criticized,
There's a retired businessman named Red,
You keep me worried and bothered all of the time,
But there's no way I can compare all them scenes to this affair,
Mama's in a factory, she ain't got no shoes,
It was then that I got up to leave, but she said, "Don't forget,
He buys obsolete weapons and he won't be denied,
Lenny Bruce is dead, but his ghost lives on and on,
I'm forty miles from the mill, I'm dropping it into overdrive,
When you're gone, I will dream a little dream as years go by,
I see people who're supposed to know better standing around like furniture,
I just walk along and stroll and sing,
If I was a master thief perhaps I'd rob them,
I love you, baby, and you know that it's true,
I've seen love go by my door, it's never been this close before,
Open the door, Richard, heard it said before,
Blowing like she never blowed before,
If today was not a crooked highway,
Well, Phaedra with her looking glass,
Pretty flowers are made for blooming, pretty stars are made to shine,
There's a chain gang on the highway, I can hear them rebels yell,
Got behind him on his horse and they rode off together,
Thinking about the government,
We set out that night for the cold in the north,
I met the contagion and sank to the tomb,
Don't put yourself over the line,
Then they started to take back the clothes, hang 'em on the line,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a bowl of soup,
You wanna drown love,
I saw a room full of men with their hammers a-bleeding,
"No, I never did engage in this a-kinda thing before,
And it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard,
Well, I'm pressing on,
Where hunger is ugly, where the souls are forgotten,
The guilty undertaker sighs, the lonesome organ-grinder cries,
I just kept looking at the side of her face in the spotlight so clear,
And it's a hard, and it's a hard, it's a hard, it's a hard,
Broke and hungry, ragged and dirty too,
One by one they followed the sun,
That old train pulled out, John's ma began to shout,
Ring them bells, sweet Martha, for the poor man's son,
In your teardrops I can see my own reflection,
In the blinking stardust of a pale-blue light,
Thank You, Lord,
I come into Pittsburgh at six-thirty flat,
You have given everything to me,
So, I watched that sun come rising from the little Minnesota town,
There's a woman I long to touch and I'm missing her so much,
Man's ego's inflated, you know, his laws are outdated,
Or do you remember St. James Street,
Well, my sense of humanity has gone down the drain,
Took the wife and kids down to the pier,
As he weeps to wicked birds of prey,
We'll go out and see it sometime, we'll both just sit there and stare,
And pay the price and not take your advice,
And the locusts sang off in the distance,
And I know that you're gon' be mine one of these days,
To be--direction home,
Judges will haunt you, the country priestess will want you, her worst is better than best,
Your charms have broken many a heart and mine is surely one,
And Uncle Remus can't tell you and neither can Santa Claus,
When the jelly-faced women all sneeze,
St. Bartholomew's burying ground won't catch your name, but he has the hound,
I ran right outside, I hopped inside a cab,
Next to come in was the bumbly bee,
Grabbed hold of a subway car,
To say goodbye to sand and sea,
Though their voices are silent, their pleading looks will say,
I heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world,
You may be somebody's landlord, you may even own banks,
It was all pointed out, the way to go, and scratched your name in sand,
When you gonna wake up, said when you gonna wake up,
For the politician's gain,
If another war comes, it's them we must fight,
Stay free from petty jealousies, live by no man's code,
I can feel it in the night, in the night, in the night when I think of you,
How my lone guitar played sweet for you that old-time melody,
It was on the northern border of Texas where I crossed the line,
Always on the outside of whatever side there was,
Mr. Frog went a-hopping up over the brook, uh-huh,
This world is ruled by violence,
The line, it is drawn and the curse, it is cast,
Who suddenly walks up to you when he hears you speak,
Begging God for mercy, weeping in unholy places, Angelina,
Listen to me, pretty baby,
I helped you when you had no shoes on your feet, pretty mama,
Acting out his folly while his back is being whipped,
Best never to think these thoughts and never to let them kinda thoughts gain ground,
For the countless, confused, accused, misused, strung-out ones and worse,
Without your love, I'd be nowhere at all,
I like to spend some time in Mozambique,
Too weary to talk and too tired to sing,
Well, you give me the blues, I guess you're satisfied,
We pushed each other a little too far and one day it just turned into a raging storm,
Covenant woman, intimate, little girl,
Beat or cheat or mistreat you,
A question in your nerves is lit,
When the whip that's a-keeping you in line doesn't make him jump,
But there's nothing, really nothing to turn off,
Don't wear sandals,
Your conscience betrayed you when some tyrant waylaid you where the lion lies down with the lamb,
Don't criticize what you can't understand,
That the laws are with him,
I looked high and low and I looked up above,
We met at the station where the mission bells ring,
I'll forsake my husband too for the love of Blackjack Davey,
Pray that I don't die of thirst,
Now she's opened up a lefty home,
In the slow-motion crawl or life's busy race,
But you know you only used to get juiced in it,
Hazel, you called and I came,
I see my light come shining from the west out to the east,
This wheel's on fire, it's rolling down the road,
There's seven people dead on a South Dakota farm,
Someone to close his eyes for you,
I'm crestfallen, a world of illusions at my door,
If she's passing back this way, I'm not that hard to find,
Now, the moon is almost hidden, the stars, they're just pretending to hide,
In the home of the brave, Jefferson in his grave,
I've heard all of them rumors and you have heard 'em, too,
Through this open world I'm bound to ramble,
Your eyes can only look through two kinds of windows,
You angel, you, you're as fine as can be,
Oh, all my fathers, they've gone down,
The sun turned cold over President Street and the town of Brooklyn mourned,
But he never did like it all that much and one day it just a-went to hell,
If you get close to her, kiss her once for me,
If I fall along the way and can't see another day,
Ophelia, she's 'neath the window, for her I feel so afraid,
Because he's not afraid of trying, say he's got no style,
There is no use in talking and there's no need for blame,
But I could not hold on to her very long,
Every brain is civilized,
In the days of old when we dug up the gold, how ofttimes I repine,
I will wear new boots and an earring of gold,
Not a word of goodbye, not even a note,
I love you, pretty baby,
That one doctor cannot save him,
And for every hung-up person in the whole wide universe,
See them big plantations burning, hear the cracking of the whips,
Well, the time will tell who has fell and who's been left behind,
Prison walls are crumbling down, there is no end in sight,
Everybody I met seemed to be a rank stranger,
Ooh, baby, thank you for my tea,
Well, God is in his heaven and we all want what's his,
I'm telling myself I found true happiness,
She smiled all in her countenance, said, "They call me Jack-A-Roe,
Where I will always be renewed,
Let me eat when I'm hungry, let me drink when I'm dry,
With the storms raging 'round us and the winds a-blowing gales,
And maybe kept him from his fate,
Eyed through the I Ching yesterday, it said there'd be some thunder at the whelm,
Someone showed me a picture, I just had to laugh,
And, though I can't sleep at night for trying,
That fired the gun,
Covenant woman, shining like a morning star,
Well, they're not showing any lights tonight and there's no moon,
Don't let yourself stumble,
It's many a night I pretended to be a-sleeping,
If you have a woman and she don't treat you kind,
She say, "Baby, baby, baby, baby, I lo-lo-love you",
I want you so bad,
Ain't no reason to go in a wagon to town,
In a bigger place, bigger money too,
Next to come in was the old, gray cat, uh-huh,
And, although that we're single and free,
Sing me one more song about your love into the morning, stranger,
But that's what you need, man, and you need it bad,
Down on the surface with a [incomprehensible],
Reincarnation of Paul Revere's horse,
Holding his club like he was a king,
But now we got weapons of chemical dust,
Trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic,
To know how much I really care,
There's always one more notch in four more aces,
And I feel like I'm knocking on heaven's door,
Was there somebody looking when you give me that kiss,
I got me a secret membership card,
Then you set back and watch while the death count gets higher,
And, as long as it does, I'll just sit here and watch the river flow,
Any day now, any day now, I shall be released,
I wouldn't pay it any mind,
On this guitar I'm playing, on this banjo I'm flailing,
Well, the high tide's rising, mama, don't you let me down,
Down the foggy ruins of time,
Dr. Filth, he keeps his world inside of a leather cup,
And the sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way,
I found my world, found my world in you,
And I'll stand on the ocean until I start sinking,
Underneath the bridge where the water flowed through,
Who'd turn you in for a tenth of a penny,
But, if I can save you any time,
You got innocent men in jail, your insane asylums are filled,
As the present now will later be past,
But you're drifting too far from shore,
'Tell your ma, tell your pa,
--Bello and Bradley and they both baldly lied,
The birdies were flying from tree to tree,
Near broken chains, mountain laurel, and rolling rocks,
She's delicate, she seems like the mirror,
Private reasons, great or small,
Feel like falling in love with the first woman I meet,
Sarah Jane, Sarah Jane,
And I will not carry myself down to die,
After a while we took in the clothes, nobody said very much,
Yes, I'm bound to get lucky, baby,
You will search, babe, at any cost,
You wanna ramble to the break of dawn,
The phone's tapped anyway,
High water rising, six inches 'bove my head,
All across the telegraph his name, it did resound,
I can write you poems, make a strong man lose his mind,
People'd call, say, "Beware, doll,
Big-time negotiators, false healers, and woman-haters,
Left me blindly here to stand but still not sleeping,
He took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth,
Well, the rifleman's stalking the sick and the lame,
Looked up my chimney-hole,
One by one until there were none,
Knock--knock--knocking on heaven's door,
Some old whore from San Pedro'll make advances,
Where nothing comes up to the top,
They let him out in '71, he'd lost a little weight,
Hanging 'round the theaters,
Frankie was a good girl, everybody know,
One by one they follow the sun,
He'll teach you how to pick and choose and how to throw the blade,
Heard your songs of freedom and man, forever stripped,
Won't let go and I can't let go,
I got a craving love for blazing speed, got a hopped-up Mustang Ford,
He got that soft, silky skin,
I could say that I'd be faithful - I could say it in one sweet, easy breath,
Looked behind the sink and under the floor,
Only a hobo, but one more is gone,
Silhouetted by the sea,
I think we oughtta take some of these people,
If that was you in the dream that was screaming,
"If you, my love, must think that way,
They're all drinking, thinking that they got it made,
People see me all the time, I guess they just can't remember how to act,
Something is burning, baby, something's in flames,
Will be rolling long after the bubble-gum craze,
I hurt easy, I just don't show it,
While riding on a train going west,
Waiting for the trains,
Just don't know what to do,
Yes, I do wanna thank You, Lord,
She threw me outside, I stood in the dirt where everyone walked,
The cities of a lonesome fear,
Crickets are chirping, the water is high,
You should be made to be wearing at all times a telephone,
No matter what you're doing, if you start giving up,
But the time ain't tall,
My so-called friends have fallen under a spell,
He went to Hollywood to see Peter O'Toole,
With silver bracelets on her wrists, flowers in her hair,
In the end,
You might be hungry, you might be [incomprehensible],
Now she's gone and I don't worry,
The crystal ball upon the wall hasn't shown me nothing yet,
I was thinking 'bout the things that Rosie said,
Prayed in the ghetto with my face in the cement,
I'm a-thinking and a-wondering, walking all the way down the road,
Gypsy undertaker sighs, the lonesome-organ grinder cries,
And with the child of the hoodlum wrapped up in your arms,
We cut through iron and we cut through mud,
I walked out to the valley, I turned my head up high,
He had a job in Santa Fe working in an old hotel,
Doomed and determined to destroy all the gentle,
I don't mean trouble, please don't put me down or get upset,
You can touch and twist and turn two kinds of doorknobs,
Don't think twice, it's alright, babe,
Looked behind the clothes, behind the chair,
Well, get sick, get well,
They threw him in the hole one time for trying to stop a strike,
You're still gonna have to serve somebody,
Strangers, they meddled in our affairs,
Well, they're doing the double shuffle, throwing sand on the floor,
And that pretty, dancing girl, she could not be found,
"I was feeling kinda lonesome and blue,
Listen to that Duquesne whistle blowing,
She pulls one out from behind her ear,
Tweedle Dee's on his hands and his knees,
Well, she pulled off them high-heeled shoes made of Spanish leather,
And your silver cross and your voice like chimes,
Newspapermen eating candy,
I can follow the path, I can read the signs,
If none but Jack the sailor would ever suit your mind,
Wants eleven dollar bills,
A foreign sound to your ear,
Twenty-four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it,
You hand in your ticket to go see the geek,
Don't let me change my heart,
Stared at the person who killed for no reason,
Well, my nerves are exploding and my body's tense,
Next to come in was a big, black snake, uh-huh,
Going back to Pittsburgh, count up to thirty,
My eyes danced a circle across her clear outline,
The tuxedo that you're wearing, the flower in your lapel,
Well, they were looking for somebody with a pompadour,
Don't wanna cheat nobody, I don't wanna be cheated,
He woke up, the room was bare, he didn't see her anywhere,
Sea breeze blowing, there's a hell-hound loose,
Take a deep breath, feel like you're choking,
And your saintlike face and your ghostlike soul,
The country I come from is called the Midwest,
He said, "I dance now at every chance at honky-tonks for drinks and tips,
He laid his head on a pillow of down,
And the windows are rattling and breaking, your rooftops're shaking,
Saying, "Boxing is here to stay,
Scale that wall and smoke that vine,
Working for a while on a fishing boat right outside of Delacroix,
And your pleasure knows no limits, your voice is like a meadowlark,
Standing on the gallows with my head in a noose,
Broken pipes, broken tools,
I know you haven't made your mind up yet,
But, you who philosophize disgrace and criticize fears,
The cabaret was quiet except for the drilling in the wall,
Well, aching, tumbled, with all laid down,
You to me were true,
Well, there's voices in the night trying to be heard,
I been hanging on the threads, I been playing it straight,
Bring me my pipe, we're gonna shake it,
I'm ready to go anywhere,
She said, "Your debutante knows what you need,
I noticed at the ceremony that your corrupt ways had finally made you blind,
And your pillows of feathers turn to blankets of lead,
You left me standing in the doorway crying,
Build a fire, throw on logs, and listen to it hiss,
Mixing up the medicine,
Say for me that I'm alright, though things get kind of slow,
I return to the Queen of Spades, talk a-with the chambermaid,
"We'll meet on edges soon," said I,
I can hear a sweet voice steadily calling,
All that and more and then some,
There are thousands in the phone booth, thousands at the gate,
And your sky cries water and your drain-pipe's a-pouring,
God knows it's terrifying,
The hostages were trembling when they heard a man exclaim,
Going to Acapulco, going on the run,
And so, to conclude and to finish disputes,
All that false instruction, which we never could believe,
If ever I prove false to you,
They gave him dope to smoke, drinks and pills,
Whole lotta people seeing double tonight from the disease of conceit,
And asked me if I was leaving with you or her,
Everybody from right now to over there and back,
We drove that car as far as we could, abandoned it out west,
Tell me that you love me only,
Hear a voice crying "Daddy!" I always think it's for me,
That six diggers cannot bury him,
I've walked two hundred miles, now look me over,
If we never meet again, baby, remember me,
Oh, every foe that ever I faced,
I'm a-wondering if she remembers me at all,
And you're flat on your belly with your hands tied behind,
As the daylight hours do increase,
Alberta, don't you treat me unkind,
But Louise, she's alright, she's just near,
Mack the Finger said to Louis the King,
Well, I need a woman [incomprehensible],
Seem like I been down this way before,
I leaned my back up against an oak,
Where mercy walks the plank,
Take me disappearing through the smoke-rings of my mind,
All I remember is waking up on the shore,
And along came Jones, emptied the trash,
I've waited years sometimes for what I've wanted,
People see me all the time and they just can't remember how to act,
Sends for the doctor, pulls down the shade,
I met him in a cell in New Orleans - I was down and out,
We got you for that motel job. We were talking to your friend, Bello,
They'll stone you just like they said they would,
"Pull off, pull off them high-heeled shoes all made of Spanish leather,
Come, baby, find me, come, baby, remind me of where I once begun,
Since the beginning of the universe, man's been cursed by trouble,
"Or else you'll surely hang," says he, "And after that, Jim Jones,
To your tambourine in time,
One more cup of coffee for the road,
My arms and legs were broken,
She answered to him with a loving smile, "I'll be sixteen come Sunday,
Father of time and father of dreams,
I've shined your shoes, I've moved your mountains and marked your cards,
Walking the streets down by the hacienda,
Blowing through the letters that we wrote,
If I ever saw you coming, I don't know what I might do,
And the wood's easy finding but you're lazy to fetch it,
A gentle breeze was blowing - you could feel it from inside,
Drifting too far from shore, yeah,
Hear the mighty engines roar, see the silver bird on high,
For her to arrive,
Time passes slowly up here in the mountains,
I've torn my clothes and I've drained the cup,
Cannot be happy without his mom and his pappy, let's stick together,
You lose yourself, but then you reappear,
You lose yourself, you reappear,
Someone to gather flowers constantly,
Try to be pure at heart, they arrest you for robbery,
You know, capitalism is above the law,
Hey, farmer, farmer, put away that DDT,
They're like babies sitting on a woman's knee,
"So, take heed, take heed of the western winds,
God knows there's a river,
You know there's no drug that'll do for the healing,
I can change, I swear,
Well, the fat's in the fire and the water's in the tank,
Took Ms. Mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
Nothing hypnotizes me or holds me in a spell,
"Last night I slept in a feather bed between my husband and baby,
Where you been don't bother me or bring me down with sorrow,
With what your fate is going to be,
From early in the morning till way past dark, all you ever do is a-hustle,
The tiny man bit the soldier's ear as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew,
I didn't want to want you, now I have no choice,
By the beautiful lake of the Black Swan,
She said, "Welcome to the land of the living dead",
Someone showed me a picture and I just laughed,
I see people in the park forgetting their troubles and woes,
I don't compromise and I don't pretend,
Now and then--now and then there's a fool--a fool such as I,
A man named Martin Luther King,
There's not even room enough to be anywhere,
Forty-one days, forty-one nights,
They'll stone you when you're driving in your brain,
"Well, I spied me a girl and, before she could leave,
Your pearly eyes, so fast and slashing,
But her shadow was missing for all of my searching,
To stay closer--closer than any friend,
Oh, if there's an original thought out there, I could use it right now,
Just then Tom Paine himself came running from across the field,
A change in the weather is known to be extreme,
Not one more night, not one more kiss,
May be rich or poor, may be blind or lame,
I wake up every morning with that woman in my bed,
Written by an Italian poet from the thirteenth century,
Well, I'm gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more,
Sticks me with buckshot when I'm nude,
Now, I feel like I'm coming to the end of my way,
And I know that He will do it 'cause He's faithful and He's true,
When the children were babies and played on the beach,
I stood unwound beneath the skies and clouds unbound by laws,
There was music in the cafes at night and revolution in the air,
Backstage the girls were playing five-card stud by the stairs,
I'm just going down the road feeling bad,
Your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same, Angelina,
The sky cracked its poems in naked wonder,
I'm going down for the last time, but by His mercy I've been spared,
To shoot you someplace and shoot you back,
I'm gonna spare the defeated, I'm gonna speak to the crowd,
Now, the winds in Chicago have torn me to shreds,
All I remember about it was it starred Gregory Peck,
She is good to me, there's a-nothing she doesn't see,
Pulled me out of bondage and You made me renewed inside,
Come, senators, congressmen, please heed the call,
We always did love the very same one, we just saw her from a different point of view,
You got to serve somebody,
Run your fingers down my spine and bring me a touch of bliss,
In the violence of a summer's dream, in the chill of a wintry light,
Summer days and the summer nights are gone,
Watch waterfalls of pity roar,
And also by his feet,
Sometimes I'm in the mood, I wanna milk my milk-cow low,
Suddenly I found you and the spirit in me sings,
He crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels,
Seen you in the sunshine, I seen you in the dark,
Adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools,
The night blows cold and rainy,
Sometimes the silence can be like thunder,
And then a whistle will be blowing,
Don't think twice, it's alright,
In the night the grounds was groaning,
Whose ebony face is beyond communication,
But she turned unto another man, which so distressed my mind,
It's unbelievable, it's fancy-free,
And a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore,
It's like my whole life never happened, when I see you it's as if I've never had a thought,
Brownsville girl, show me all around the world,
You coulda done better, but I don't mind,
Black crows in the meadow, sleeping across a broad highway,
A million faces at my feet,
Walking through the leaves falling from the trees,
So, it ain't no use in calling out my name, gal,
When the night comes falling,
"Hush up, hush up, my parrot," she cried,
Blowing through the curtains in your room,
That, no matter how hard you rub,
Coming down the road for a country mile or two,
Our conversation was short and sweet,
To a solid rock,
Where life and death are memorized,
They're all drinking and thinking that they got it made,
He took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste,
But I've been hanging on,
She said, "Boy, without a doubt, have to quit your mess and straighten out,
Looking 'bout the government,
What drives me to you is what drives me insane,
Holding me back, not letting me stand,
Her heart will be broken when I am gone,
Yes, I'm pressing on,
Maybe he had some problems, maybe some things that he couldn't work out,
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow,
Oh, get born, keep warm,
You may be a preacher preaching spiritual pride,
Now, the jury found me guilty, then says the judge, says he,
And a soldier, he always is decent and clean,
Might be living in a mansion, you might live in a dome,
That I've still got a dream that hasn't been repossessed,
Roll, Willie, roll,
Poor boy picking up sticks,
And, on their promises of paradise,
You crawl into the room like a camel and you frown,
There's a woman by the river with some fine, young, handsome man,
Pistol-shots ring out in the barroom night,
Love that's pure hopes all things,
They got some beautiful people out there, man,
If I'd knowed how bad you'd treat me,
And you start walking backwards though you know that it's wrong,
You know what they say about being nice to the right people on the way up,
Though they murdered six million, in the ovens they fried,
You even make love just like a woman,
Thieving in the alley,
Well, come out when the skating rink glistens by the sun near the old crossroads sign,
I could make you happy, make your dreams come true,
I got a house on the hill, I got hogs all out in the mud,
It don't matter no more what you got to say,
He's criticized and condemned for being alive,
I could be unraveling wherever I'm traveling, even to foreign shores,
Vomit and jealousy's all that he sells us, he's contented when you're under his thumb,
Well, the future for me is already a thing of the past,
Two by two, into the foggy dew,
If you give me back my baby, I won't worry you no more,
And the dirt in the caves of the Rocky Mountain mines,
In a twinkling of an eye when the last trumpet blows,
I went into the city, went into the town,
You hurt the ones that I love best, then cover up the truth with lies,
And for each and every underdog soldier in the night,
You may be a socialite with a long string of pearls,
He crosses himself and he clicks his high heels,
From the tribe of Pima Indians, a proud and a peaceful band,
With objects and material things, but I never was impressed,
Another man from Atlanta, Georgia,
Nasty, dirty, double-crossing, back-stabbing phony I didn't have to wanna have to deal with,
I can't understand,
Mama's in the factory, she ain't got no shoes,
I try my best to be just like I am,
Oxford Town in the afternoon,
Well, I was feeling sad and kinda blue,
And keep your eyes wide - the chance won't come again,
And there's one last favor I'll ask of you,
They--they show me to the door,
His name was Willie O'Conley and he gambled all his life,
Feel bad this morning, ain't got no home,
He's a great humanitarian, he's a great philanthropist,
Don't know what you got that I want, don't know what I got to give,
She goes away for a minute and I slide out outta my chair,
Look out your window and I'll be gone,
With his candle lit into the sun,
You give me the blues, I wanna lay down and die,
She'll be coming forth,
Sara, oh, Sara, wherever we travel we're never apart,
Buckets of rain, buckets of tears,
I know I can't win,
Sara, Sara, it's all so clear, I could never forget,
Next to come in was Mrs. Cow, uh-huh,
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun,
Of this I can't say very much,
Pardon me--pardon me if I'm sentimental when we say goodbye,
Watch them jugs a-filling in the pale moonlight,
Stone you just like they said they would,
I just don't see why I should even care,
Don't follow leaders,
And laughter down on Elizabeth Street,
Come, now, sweet cream, don't forget to flash,
They must bust in early May,
And if I should die 'fore my time should come,
No, no, no, no, it sure ain't me, babe,
Ma, wipe the blood from my face,
I see nothing to be gained by any explanation,
I'll buy you a velvet shirt,
See you fly or watch you die,
Honey, I will meet you there,
They let him out in '71, I swear he did look great,
But there's no one to check, it's all a stacked deck,
Handy-dandy, if every bone in his body was a-broken, he would never admit it,
They started up Iwo Jima hill two hundred and fifty men,
Idiot wind blowing through the dust upon our shelves,
And you're looking for something you ain't quite found yet,
He rode right up to Ms. Mousey's door,
So now I'm going on back again, maybe tomorrow or maybe next year,
Yeah, and the locusts sang off in the distance,
And sent for a physician to quickly heal his wounds,
You'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors,
God knows it's true,
Poor boy laying 'em straight,
Fat man looking in a blade of steel,
We got much to talk about and much to reminisce,
You might be rich or poor, may be a parasite too,
Take a message to Mary, but don't tell her what I've done,
Baby, thank you for my tea,
For Wichita in a pile of fruit,
Stay far from the fence with the 'lectricity sting,
There on the sidewalk he did lay,
I sat with my high-heeled sneakers on,
Outside the lights were shining on the river of tears,
Where wisdom grows up in strife,
But you ain't a-gonna ride in my car no more,
Ain't no reason to go up, ain't no reason to go down,
Without ideals or violence,
Well, you must tell me, baby, how your head feels under something like that,
And you want someone that you don't have to speak to,
"Give me a thousand policemen, throw me into a cell,
Saying, "Boxing ain't to blame,
Your sons and your daughters are beyond your command,
Trails of troubles, roads of battles,
The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind,
And, if breath to you is worth saving,
Just like I did before,
Some things last longer than you think they will,
He jabbed him once with his bully club,
Heard the last moan of a boxer, seen the massacre of the innocent,
I went to get some help. I walked by a Guernsey cow,
Yeah, the locusts sang such a sweet melody,
John the Baptist, after torturing a thief,
Well, I came ashore in the dead of the night,
Well, don't know which one is worse - doing your own thing or just being cool,
And she turned around to look at him as he was a-walking away,
Working like in the mainline, working like the devil,
Preoccupied with his vengeance,
And, if I can save you any time,
Leave your stepping-stones behind, there's something that calls for you,
I've been walking forty miles of bad road,
Tomorrow's just one step beyond,
Sara, Sara, sweet virgin angel, sweet love of my life,
The wind, it whispers to the buckeye trees in rhyme,
You may be a state trooper, you might be a Young Turk,
The hanging judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined,
And they wouldn't hurt a fly - to hurt one, they would weep,
Works up to her britches, up to her neck,
Or make your heart pound, but, then again, you know when they're around,
And your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this a-pain in here,
Come running down your stairs, come running down your stairs,
And you're knee-deep in dark water with your hands in the air,
Dissolved into the bells of the lightning,
Oh, singing just for you,
Blackness was a virtue, the road was full of mud,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a gypsy queen,
Gon' walk down that road till everything becomes the same,
I couldn't walk, couldn't talk, smell, feel,
To try and make me change a-my mind and stay,
Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, Idaho,
He's wandered the earth an exiled man,
Madams light the candles,
I wanna be with you, girl, if you wanna be with me,
"Young maiden, I wish not to banter, 'tis true I come here in disguise,
He'll put the priest in his pocket, put the blade to the heat,
Looking for a new fool,
People disagreeing on just about everything, yeah, makes you stop and wonder why,
"We going all the way till the wheels fall off and burn,
I'm going down to Tennessee, get me a truck or something,
Lord, if I can't come in here, baby, then just let me sit down in your door,
I believe in you even though I be outnumbered,
Now, I know she ain't you, but she's here and she's got that dark rhythm in her soul,
You must leave now, take what you need, you think will last,
And you want someone to put out your ambition,
He could've sold insurance, owned a restaurant or bar,
We grew up together from the cradle to the grave,
Nothing a-really matters much, doom alone that counts,
We live and we die, we know not why,
You can stick your head in the sand,
When you wake up in the morning, baby, look inside your mirror,
Everybody thinks with their stomach and there's plenty of spies,
Hawlin Alley on a dark and drizzly night,
Took Ms. Mousey on his knee,
Take a message to Mary, but don't tell her all you know,
Honey baby, don't leave me now,
She's dressed in silks and satins now, she cuts a gallant shawl,
He's sucking the blood out of the genius of generosity,
And I'm gonna let you pass,
She was thinking 'bout her father, who she very rarely saw,
Now and then there's a fool such as I am over you,
And, though our separation, it pierced me to the heart,
She's proud, but she needs to roam,
It's many a guard that stands around smiling,
High water rising, rising night and day,
They say that vanity got the best of him,
Dust on my face and my cape,
And he carries all his money in a diamond-studded jar,
He saw an animal as smooth as glass slithering his way through the grass,
It's a price I have to pay,
Ain't nobody but Sally Sue Brown,
The cat's in the well and the barn is full of bull,
I woke in the morning, wandering, weary and worn out,
Tolling for the tongues with no place to bring their thoughts,
Come, a-writers and critics who prophesize with your pen,
Each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air,
I'm a-going where the chilly winds don't blow,
So he drifted down to New Orleans, lucky not to be destroyed,
Well, I've walked two hundred miles, look me over,
You've thrown the worst fear that can ever be hurled,
Broken switches, broken gates,
Well, my baby went to Illinois with some bad-talking boy she could destroy,
Well, my hat's in my hand, babe, I'm walking down the line,
And you're tired trying to get out of - of situations,
Later he'll be shot for resisting arrest,
And your basement-clothes and your hollow face,
Don't know if I saw you if I would kiss you or kill you,
You been through all of F. Scott Fitzgerald's books,
Then she went into the vessel to convey herself away,
Give to me your lily-white hand and we'll go home together,
Followed some clues from my detective bag,
You married young just like your ma,
Hey, with a pain that stops and starts,
Whatever colors you have a-in your mind,
And placed them on a footstool just above the plotted plain,
You've only murdered my father, raped his wife,
And a drunken man is at the wheel,
On this curve I'm hanging, on this pathway I'm strolling,
Lotta water under the bridge, lotta other stuff too,
He died drunk early one morning alone in the land he'd fought to save,
I ain't saying you treated me unkind,
They pass by so silently,
When I get low, she sets me on my feet,
Two big bags of dead man's bones,
I like the cool way you look at me,
I never can go because, you know,
Well, they'll stone you when you are all alone,
Said there's so much oppression, can't keep track of it no more,
I see pieces of men marching, trying to take heaven by force,
Me and my gal, my gal's son,
You were telling him about Buddha, you were telling him 'bout Muhammad in one breath,
In the little church a-this side of tow,
Of ancient history,
It's getting dark, too dark to see,
Up on Housing Project Hill it's either fortune or fame,
Four months later, the ghettoes are in flame,
For all intended purposes,
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more,
But you were gambling for support,
On this mandolin I'm strumming, in this song I'm singing,
But she takes just like a woman,
Frighten you or up-tighten you,
What cannot be imitated perfect must die,
Next to come in was a little, black tick, uh-huh,
It's really something,
She was married when they first met, soon to be divorced,
Every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick,
King of the streets, child of clay,
May you build a ladder to the stars, climb on every rung,
Coming and going like a rabbit in the wood,
Well, I don't have to be no doctor, babe,
Yes, I went down to the river on a Saturday morn,
Here come the story of the "Hurricane",
And I could never let you go, no matter what goes on,
When I saw you say goodbye to your friend and smile,
I don't wanna meet your kin,
Some on their way up, some on their way down,
All the furniture, it say "Made in Brazil",
I'll say, "It's easily done,
Well, you take just like a woman,
You're beautiful beyond words,
The priest wore black on the seventh day and waltzed around while the building burned,
I never could guess your weight, baby,
And a thousand telephones that don't ring -
Oh, Shenandoah, I long to hear you -
Bringing home thirty cents a day to a family of twelve -
And it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe -
Let me know, babe, that--will you surround me? -
About having to be scrounging around for your next meal -
That's a-hanging in the Louvre -
I was in your presence for an hour or so -
Now your mouth cries wolf while your--
It nearly swept me off of my feet -
Havana-gee-
But I'm walking and wandering - my poor feet don't ever stop! -
The cops said, "A poor boy like you could use a break -
Think I'll go out and go for a walk --
And many a road taken by many a first friend -
Saddle me up my big, white goose, tie me on her and turn her loose -
When you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose -
A crash on the highway flew the car to a field -
I a-hope you can hear--
And it ain't no use in calling out my name, gal -
Everything up to that point had been left unresolved -
Shake me up that old peach tree, little Jack Horner got nothing on me -
And she winds back the clock and she turns back the page of a book that nobody can write--
Eclipses both the sun and moon -
Oh, what is the charge of how this came to be? -
And there's really nothing anyone can say -
About having to be scrounging for your next meal -
See for me if her hair is hanging long -
As suicide remarks are torn -
Band is playing "Dixie", man got his hand outstretched --
That can win what's a-never been won -
Without a reply I left by the moon -
And was in his chambers by the next afternoon -
At that the judge jerked forward and his face, it did freeze -
I've just reached a place where the willow don't bend -
Ha-va-
Well, ask me why I'm drunk all the time -
"That a friend of mine would get ninety-nine years?" -
Somebody could freeze right to the bone -
Staring out the window to the stars high above -
Seven more years I longed to have her -
I ask you how things could get much worse -
I was riding in a buggy with Ms. Mary-Jane -
To know where you are -
About having to be a-scrounging around, scrounging around for your next meal -
Sometimes it gets so hard to care -
Well, a white man loved an Indian maiden -
[incomprehensible] in the grave - in American future -
It won't matter who loves who - you'll love me or I'll love you -
In some lonesome shadow she might greet you -
And he wouldn't harm a life that belonged to someone else -
Well, it's fare thee well, my dear, I'm bound to leave you -
Indians camp along her border -
And your jackhammer falls from your hands to your feet -
Saying one of your friends is in trouble deep -
Saying, "Could you kindly leave my office now, please?" -
Who carried on his shoulder a Siamese cat -
Whatever pleases You, tell it to my heart -
Haven't seen her since that night -
And nothing would ever come between Lily and the king -
All non-believers and men-stealers talking in the name of religion -
Ooh, mama, can this really be the end -
New York Times said it was the coldest winter in seventeen years -
And in that hole he roared out his soul in the days of '49 -
We just meant to see some sweat -
Havanagee-luh-
Like good, old bricks they stood the kicks in the days of '49 -
Tell me the trouble, tell me once to my ear -
Shenandoah, I will not deceive you -
Saying, "The witness who saw, he left little doubt" -
Well, the pressure's down, the boss ain't here -
But it sure does bother me to see my loved ones turning into puppets -
I'm looking good to see you, yeah, and we can have some fun -
Oh, lose your inhibition [incomprehensible] -
Thank--
Take a message to Mary, but don't say I'm in a jam -
As her beauty fades and I watch her undrape--well, I won't, but then maybe again I might--
I know everything about this place - or so it seems -
Thought I'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth -
What happened to him could happen to anyone -
Everybody's asking why he couldn't adjust -
To the shadows of the Mesa she will greet you -
Now, I hope you won't object to giving--
Where I've got me a date with Botticelli's niece -
I sat down and wrote the best words I could write -
Oh, Lucky's driving a long, long time -
I long to reach out for you in the dead of the night -
Out of that picture of you in your wheelchair that leaned up against -
Remember me to one who lives there -
Let me know, babe - I'm nearly drowning -
We just wanted to see some sweat -
Driven mad by desperation, I pierced him to the breast -
I love to see you dress before the mirror -
If I knew for sure that it was yours - but it was, oh, so hard to tell! -
You do what you must do and you do it well -
The judge had the papers in his right hand -
Oh, those mighty kings of the jungle, I could hardly stand to see 'em -
But I don't think it's liable to happen -
And old men with broken teeth, stranded without love -
People starving and thirsting, grain elevators are bursting -
If I'm there in the morning, baby, you'll know I've survived--
Every empire that's enslaved him is gone -
No one tried to say a thing when they carried him out in jest -
I got knocked down and my head was swimming -
I took too much for granted, I got my signals crossed -
You know, a woman like you should be at home --
It nearly knocked me off of my feet -
I lived by the window as he talked to himself -
When it's over, I'd just as soon go on my way"--
One of these days - and it won't be long -
He was raving about how he loved my sound -
But he was just a Pima Indian - no money, no crops, no chance -
You will not hear a laugh -
That may be true, he's got a sentence to serve -
Something about that movie, though - but I just can't get it outta my head -
I think to myself I might not take it anymore -
Oh, my-
I walked down the courthouse stairs and I did not understand -
He looks so truthful - is this how he feels? -
You got the ways of a devil sleeping in a lion's den -
Deciding America's future from Amsterdam into Paris -
Judge had the papers in his hand -
But he ain't no criminal and his crime, it is none -
When you know as well as me you'd rather see me paralyzed --
I stood alone upon the ridge and all I did was watch -
I long to hold you in the night -
Let the four winds blow around this old cabin door -
Yes, I know, from darkness dreams are deserted -
Though its glow is waxed in black -
I've gained some recognition, but I lost my appetite -
Into the vacuum of his eyes--
Maybe in La Rio Pecas valley -
I return to the Chinese flute - touching me, it wasn't cute -
Well, I'll sing you a song - it ain't very long -
At Napoleon in rags and the language that he used -
Then I saw the old man's limousine head back towards the grave -
I'll be in Santa Fe about one -
The man standing next to me, his head was exploding -
You've known it all the time, I'm learning it these days -
And Ira started drinking hard, jail was often his home -
The judge spoke out of the side of his mouth -
When you ain't got nothing, girl, you got nothing to lose -
Listen to the fiddler play when he's playing till the break of day -
Situations have ended sad, relationships have all been bad -
And it ain't no use in turning on your light, babe -
No matter what you think about it, you won't be able to do without it -
But that's just because he doesn't wanna turn into some machine -
To the courtyards of the jester, which is hidden from the sun -
The sentence is passed and it cannot be repealed -
Hang out the whole next day -
They crammed me back into the county jail -
That's where you belong --
Democracy don't rule the world --
But I get no offers, just a come-on from the whores on 7th avenue -
We pulled up where Henry Porter used to live -
As the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk -
Have a bunch of kids who call me "Pa" -
The room was funny and I stood up so slow -
From darkness dreams are deserted --
But ninety-nine years he just don't deserve -
Disconnect these cables--
How badly they were shocked -
Well, we're driving this car and the sun is coming up over the Rockies -
Bounty hunters, too, they'd like to get you -
I didn't commit no ugly sin -
Something there is about you that strikes a match in me -
Whispering your secret emotion -
But I know him as good as I'm knowing myself -
He saw him disappear by a tree near a lake -
I was riding on the Mayflower when I thought I spied some land--
When you know as well as me you'd rather see me paralyzed -
My heart is aching for Mary, Lord knows I miss her so -
Oh, God, 'cause when - Amsterdam and Paris -
And old men with broken teeth, stranded, without love -
Clouds so swift, rain won't lift, gate won't close, railings froze -
I walked down the hallway and I heard his door slam -
"There goes Tom Moore, a bummer, sure" -- in the days of '49 -
I didn't know that you'd be leaving -
When a cop pulled him over to the side of the road -
Friends will arrive, friends will disappear -
Explaining to the judge I'd be there on Wednesday night -
With no other choice except but for to go -
"Could you tell me the facts," I said without fear -
We'll fly it over the ocean just like you suspect -
Hope he falls upon himself - oh, won't that be sweet? -
Oh, Shenandoah, I love your daughter -
And I pass by from town to town, they call me the Rambling Sign --
You said you were going to Frisco, stay a couple of months -
And I saw the old man's limousine head back towards the grave -
Rosemary right beside him, steady in her eyes -
Conversing with my Flora there - it seemed so strange to me -
Well, I don't know why I love you like I do -
Drive you from your fear, bring you through the mirror -
But they got a lot of forks and knives -
Someone who will die for you and maybe more -
To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark -
You can say she'd better find someone new to cherish and to hold -
Oh, twice around went the gallant ship -
All that foreign oil - American soil -
I got no idea what I want -
From now on you'd best get on someone else -
Clouds so swift, the rain falling in, gonna see a movie called "Gunga Din" -
She was born in spring, but I was born too late -
It was for her I'd cross the water -
Can't stand the suspense anymore--
In a game with death Bill lost his breath in the days of '49 -
If only could hang on and just be her friend -
You say my kisses aren't like his -
I took too much for granted, got my signals crossed -
Yes, and only if she was lying by me -
And as for compensation there's a-little he would ask -
And, when it's over, just as soon go on my way"--
And all the people say, "There goes Tom Moore," in the days of '49 -
I could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet -
Manslaughter in the highest of degrees -
Leave all the children home -
I think I'll go out and go for a walk --
Fools glorify themselves trying to manipulate Satan -
I'm sure it was not three -
Now, the Missouri is a mighty river -
Ten thousand miles or more -
If I only could a-hang on and just be her friend -
For seven long years I courted Sally -
But it sure - my loved ones turning into puppets -
Forty-one years to wear the ball and the stripes -
Catch the wild fishes that float through the stream -
Oh, [incomprehensible] but your ace is red -
There was four persons killed and he was at the wheel -
They walked along by the old canal, a little confused - I remember well -
You're the kind of woman I just don't understand -
Jesus gonna make up-Jesus gonna make up-
Dried the tears up from my dreams and pulled me from the hole -
She inherited a million bucks and, when she died, it came to me -
It don't matter who loves who - either you'll love me or I'll love you -
Well, the death of life, then come the resurrection -
I seen her on the stairs and I couldn't help but follow--
He said-a, "All power is given to Me in heaven and on earth" -
With the mystery tramp, but now--but--his eye--
It can't be this way everywhere -
Joliet prison and ninety-nine years -
He's singing his song for me at his own expense -
I can't believe it! I can't believe I'm alive, but without you it doesn't seem right--
And over Jake they held a wake in the days of '49 -
Just like old Saxophone Joe when he's got the hogshead up on his toe -
Please don't mention the stage coach and the shot from a careless gun -
Hava-na-
Bounty hunters are dancing all around you -
You'd come back and you'd stay -
Private reasons - great or small -
The liquor tasted good and the women all were fast -
So, hang on to your woman if you've got one -
The race of the engine that overrules your heart -
I knew a man, Bojangles, and he'd dance for you in worn-out shoes -
I can't see us going anywhere, girl --
I hope that you can hear--
With notions his canoe was laden -
Now, I've had enough, my box is clean -
We stared into each other's eyes till one of us would break -
Up to Boot Hill they'd like to send you -
I can still hear the sounds of those Methodist bells -
Turn, turn, turn again -
I played my guitar through the night to the day -
Well, they were sailing about two weeks -
Was looking to do just one good deed before she died -
Well, I've sung you my song - it ain't very long -
Too late, too late, for his case, it is sealed -
Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile -
All that foreign oil controlling American soil -
Oh, mama, can this really be the end -
Bad news, bad news came to me where I sleep -
I'm happy just to see you, yeah, looking so good -
I was three-fourths drunk, she looked alright -
First degree and second degree -
I'll stand in awe and I'll shake my face -
Straight for the hills, the black hills of Dakota -
You're the sweetest, gone mama that this boy's ever gonna get -
Noontime and I'm still pushing myself along the road -- the darkest part --
And, if there is eternity, I'll love you there again.
Because he can't be bribed or bought by the things that you adore.
For only fifteen hundred dollars you can have anybody killed.
Jump into the wagon, love, throw your panties overboard.
Last radio is playing.
But I made up my mind that I had to go on.
Some place so high above the wall.
You say you told me that you wanna hold me, but you know you're not that strong.
Someday, little girl, you'll have a-a diamond as big as your shoe.
And the saviors, who are fast asleep, they wait for you.
Don't even have anything for myself anymore.
Yes, I'd tell you what it means if I just didn't have to try so hard.
Carry for you deep down inside.
All inside the grounds of the walls of Red Wing.
They've been talking about a war now for a-many long years.
Girls like birds fly away.
We thought we could sit forever in fun.
What was it you wanted? Tell me again, so I'll know.
They sent him to a napalm health spa to shape up.
I lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road.
That old ship was a-going down.
As the rain beats down and the cranes fly away from Black Diamond Bay.
Pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord.
But every day of the year like playing Russian roulette.
They're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track.
A foreign sound to your ear.
Hope I don't blow it.
She had bullets in her eyes and they fire.
Come on, baby.
Well, you can go back to him any time that you want to.
If you lean your head out far enough from Desolation Row.
Handy-dandy, pour him another brandy.
And come away with me.
Then I'd lie in my bed once again.
Someone musta told 'em that I was doing fine.
They said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born.
Someone had to reach for the rising star, I guess it was up to me.
Somebody got lucky, but it was an accident.
Well, I'm crying to the lord, trying to be meek and mild.
Pretty girls are made for boys' love, Little Maggie was made for mine.
With the serpent eyes of obsidian.
Mama, take this badge off of me.
And all your raging glory.
Mortality, reality.
And a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust and drink the king's health in the morning.
Saying wants company.
Making me feel like a stranger in a strange land.
For there's a slow - there's a slow, slow train coming.
He spread his money far and wide to help the sick and poor.
Got a five-inch smile, but her breath is sweet.
I stood there and hummed, I tapped on her drum, I asked her how come.
I know it was all a big joke, whatever it was all about.
Here's a story 'bout a ghost come back from out in the sea, come to take his bride away from the house carpenter.
I wish to my soul I could see the gal I'm a-thinking of.
And there's no time to think.
As they follow each other back up the hill.
Alright, thank you very much.
I got to laugh halfways off my heels.
Their minds are filled with big ideas, images, and distorted facts.
The crying rain like a trumpet sang and asked for no applause.
Jumped into a white car with out-of-state plates.
I wouldn't mistreat you, baby, nothing in this world is like you.
I took a deep breath. I fell down, I could not stand.
Where people carried signs around saying "Ban the bums".
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls.
But she had some way of finding them out.
How to carry a burden too heavy to be yours.
Wishing my long-lost lover would walk to me, talk to me, tell me what it's all about.
Even joined a union, paid my dues.
And I'm walking down the line - my feet'll be flying - to tell about my troubled mind.
In her fog with her amphetamine and her pearls.
I just wanna thank You, Lord.
You're very well-read, it's well-known.
To be alone with you.
All this for lovely Flora, the Lily of the West.
Some of these women, they just give me the creeps.
Oh, it's shameful and it's sad, I lost the only pal I had.
On the cliffs of your wildcat charms I'm riding.
I've got a hole where my stomach disappeared.
Where the current is strong and the monkey dances to the tune of a concertina.
And I don't know how much longer I can wait.
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more.
Yet I know when the time is right to strike.
If I don't get the girl I'm loving, won't go down Highway 51 no more.
Take a tip from one who's tried.
I stamped out forty compasses, sure don't know what they cost.
Everything inside here is made of stone.
And the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town.
His bedroom window is made outta bricks.
The next sixty seconds could be like an eternity.
"Oh, stop that cursed jury!" cried the attendant and the nurse.
And be buried on the bottom of the ocean.
And now you find out you're gonna have to get used to it.
I'm twenty miles outta town, Cold Irons bound.
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.
Nobody in the world can get along with you.
Yeah, ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street.
Said, "Ms. Mousey, will you marry me?" Uh-huh.
Well, you give me the blues, I wanna lay down and die.
And just set there waiting for me to come.
About an old man, he never done wrong.
For tonight no moonlight will shine on me.
I make a few lines and I show it for her to see.
Take me as I am or let me go.
"Oh, yes, he is my friend," said Frankie Lee in fright.
I'd give anything to be with you.
You discover that you'd just a-be one more person crying.
You been rolling your eyes, you been teasing me.
My sweetheart was a gambler, Lord, down in New Orleans.
They want me for a gambling fight.
You got no reason to wander, no reason to roam.
To win friends and influence his uncle.
But I was raised on the other.
Well, the judge, he cast his robe aside. A tear came to his eye.
That can win what's never been won.
Well, I wish I was on some Australian mountain range.
I can't a-hear you anymore.
A few hard cases I will recall, though they all were brave and true.
They seem determined to go all the way.
Captain Arab, he started writing up some deeds.
But you said you knew and I took your word.
With a mind that multiplied the smallest matter.
But he was never known to hurt an honest man.
Come sit by me, don't say a word.
And then our shadows meet and then we drink the wine.
Don't worry, baby, I don't mind leaving, I'd just like it to be my idea.
Oh, I awoke in anger, so alone and terrified.
I'm thinking about that girl who won't be back no more.
Try to bully you, strong arm you, inspire you with fear, it has the opposite effect.
Sweet goddess, your perfect stranger's coming on in at last.
But I swear I love you, yes, I do.
That set everybody free.
If you won't come out your window.
About having to scrounge your next meal.
I'm still punching cattle in the pay of Diamond Joe.
I think what I need might be a full-length leather coat.
With a picture of a tall oak tree by my side.
Well, I'd tell you what she wants if I--but I just don't know how.
But farewell, Angelina, the sky's changing colors and I must leave.
Well, the Lord created it, mister, about the same time that He made the earth.
And I do hope you receive it well, depending on the way you feel that you live.
Well, I wanna be your lover, baby, I don't wanna be your boss.
I got new eyes, everything looks far away.
I can bite like a turkey, I can slam like a drake.
Throw my ticket in the wind.
The conductor, he's still stuck on the line.
Baby, they ring in my head like a bell.
And hold your judgment for yourself lest you wind up on this road.
I'd wish she'd tell me what it is, I'll run and hide.
They say the nighttime is the right time to be with the one you love.
What you'll say when you get home.
I'm in the kitchen with the tombstone blues.
Wanna get married? Do it now! Tomorrow all activity will cease.
You're invisible now, you got no secrets to conceal.
And they're beating the devil out of a guy who's wearing a powder-blue wig.
'Cause tonight I'll be staying here with you.
But you know you only used to get juiced in it.
But nobody can sing the blues like Blind Willie McTell.
I never asked you to set yourself up for a fall.
I ain't your dog that's gone astray.
Man gave names to all the animals in the beginning, a long time ago.
If I say I'm loving you not for what you are but what you're not.
I was dreaming I was sleeping in Rosie's bed.
Well, my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold.
Yesterday everything was going too fast, today it's moving too slow.
Tell me where it a-hurts you, honey, and I'll tell you who to call.
She was waiting, putting flowers on the shelf.
But the fighter still remains.
But it was just a funeral parlor and the man asked me who I was.
Like all tough sailors do when they're far away at sea.
Your scarf, it kept your mouth well-hid.
For deep in my heart I know there's no help I can bring.
But then again-I think again-and then the-whoa-I said, oh-I said, oh, babe, I'm in the mood for you.
He could see it coming through the door as he lifted up his fork.
Yes, I can take him to your house, but I can't unlock it.
Then he said, "Yes, I think it can be easily done.
They believed me, but they wanted to know what exactly that I did.
And let it burn, burn, burn, burn on a night like this.
I can't recall your face anymore, your mouth has changed and your eyes don't look into mine.
I'm trying to read your portrait, but I'm helpless like a rich man's child.
The naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen.
Their breath is as sweet as the dew on the vine.
Parked across from a building advertising brotherhood.
But the song, it was long and it had to get done.
I'm glad I fought, I only wish we'd won.
Cost a quarter, half-price.
A little piece of cornbread laying on the shelf.
Let me eat off his head and you can really see.
What can I say about Claudette? Ain't seen her since January.
I found myself a vacant seat and I put down my hat.
He bought your city on a one-way track.
I didn't know what I was a-gonna do.
My mother was a tailor - she sewed these new blue jeans.
I'm sailing away in the morning.
Blood on your saddle.
Tell 'em all that Tiny Montgomery says hello.
But, if you gotta go, go now or else you gotta stay all night.
And the morning will be breaking.
I was so mistaken when I thought that she'd be true.
I got my black dog barking, black dog barking.
And she don't wanna remind me, she knows this car would go out of control.
Danced a jig with the bumbly bee, uh-huh.
Sometimes it gets so hard to care.
Like a-she a-broke a-this a-heart of mine.
Tell your mama not to worry because, yes, they're just my friends.
Where the angels' voices whisper to the souls of previous times.
She's everything I need and love, but I can't be swayed by that.
Now there's nothing that reminds me of that old, familiar chime, except you, yeah, you.
But then again-and then again, I said, oh-whoa-whoa-oh, babe, I'm in the mood for you.
Is standing in the clothes that you once wore.
And to you always so grateful I will forever be.
Sara, oh, Sara, beautiful lady so dear to my heart.
Well, there's no way to tell by that first kiss.
Or else your hearts must have the courage for the changing of the guards.
May you have a strong foundation a-when the winds of changes shift.
You're gonna need - you're gonna need my help someday, oh, wait and see.
But I hate to leave my children crying.
His hair is falling out and all of his daughters need shoes.
I'm thinking and wondering, walking down the road.
If this is love, then give me more and more and more and more and more.
You're the one I adore, come over here and give me more, Winterlude, this dude thinks you're fine.
I came here to fulfill our last promise and hoped to give you a surprise.
I said, "Fee, fie, fo, fum, Cassius Clay, here I come.
Trapped in the heart of it, trying to get away.
But no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side.
They sent him back into the rat race without any brakes.
For she once was a true love of mine.
While my conscience explodes.
The newspapers, they all went along for the ride.
And these visions of Johanna, they've kept me up past the dawn.
Worshiping a god with the body of a woman well-endowed and the head of a hyena.
I could hold you for a million years to make you feel my love.
And famines and earthquakes and train-wrecks and tearing down of the wall.
Yes, I just wanna see if it's really the expensive kind.
In the north end of town my own children're grown.
You walk the floor and wonder why with every breath you breathe.
Thank you.
I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to.
Love my Blackjack Davey.
Cast your dancing spell my way, I promise to go under it.
You were my first love and you will be my last.
Because the cops don't need you and, man, they expect the same.
Tonight you got the power to take it, tomorrow you won't have the power to keep it.
A whore will pass the hat, collect a hundred grand, and say thanks.
Couldn't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land where justice is a game.
I have heard rumors all over town.
And I still got their advice oozing out of my ears.
I see my light come shining from the west out to the east.
I'm longing for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs.
What was it you wanted? I ain't keeping score.
The memory of you keeps calling after me like a rolling train.
Oh, we toil and toil and, when we die, must fill dishonored graves.
Unthought of, though, somehow.
And it makes me feel so sorry.
Come back to me, baby, where I live, that's where you belong.
Trust yourself to do the things that only you know best.
I don't wanna be your boss, baby, I just wanna be your man.
Not the whiskey-drinking Indian or the marine who went to war.
Till the break of day let me see you make him smile.
The water is wide and I cant cross over.
Your eyes fix on the shotgun that's hanging on the wall.
...if you only just wouldn't clap so hard.
That which is not permanent don't last.
She lit a burner on the stove and offered me a pipe.
I'll hold it down for you.
That I just don't fit? Yes, I believe it's a-time for us to quit.
Only a fool here would think he's got anything to prove.
But I know God is my shield and he won't lead me astray.
You say, "Impossible!" as he hand you a--a bone.
I guess I was too off the handle, not sentimental enough.
She studies me closely as I sit down.
There's something I got to do tonight, you go inside and stay warm.
I need every bit of it for the places that I go.
Funny how the things you have the hardest time parting with are the things you need the least.
But the mountains of the past.
Everybody says she's the brains behind pa.
Thank you. I'll be here for four more nights, then we'll see you again.
Humming all the drivers with my lullaby.
My mind is breaking.
Just as far as my poor eyes can see.
Then he fine you every time you slam the door.
You can come to me sometime, nighttime, daytime, any time you want.
Oh, convey herself away.
While they're beating the devil out of a guy who's wearing a powder-blue wig.
Startles your sleeping ears to hear that somebody thinks they really found you.
Sometimes I wonder to just--what it's all coming to.
Are waiting in line for their geranium kiss.
I swear it hurt me more than it coulda hurted her.
At the head of the Chamber of Commerce.
Plenty of places to hide things here if you wanna hide 'em bad enough.
Took him to the hospital and they brought him upstairs.
All the way from New Orleans to Jerusalem.
Who carried on his shoulder a Siamese cat.
Sit down here, you can have my chair.
On anyone that lives in a vault.
Let me forget about today until tomorrow.
I spied an old hobo, in the doorway he lay.
They charge the people a dollar and a half just to see 'em.
Thanks for coming. We'll be in the area for a few days. Maybe we'll see you tomorrow at 9.
The D.A. said he was the one who did the deed and the all-white jury agreed.
To Rockefeller Plaza and the Empire State.
William Zantzinger with a six-month sentence.
Heart of mine.
Going down in the valley and sing my song.
I'm looking for a woman needs a worried man.
Than people who are most content.
Now you can seal up the book and not write anymore.
To understand, you know too soon there's no sense in trying.
But, if you gotta go, go now or else you got to stay all night.
Wiggle on your hands and knees.
They stopped and stared and they went their way.
Sometimes it gets so hard to see.
Soon you will be dancing the fandango.
Pick up your money and pack up your tent, you ain't going nowhere.
Either someone needing mercy or maybe something I've done wrong.
And I need you, yeah.
Know every song of love that-a ever has been sung.
You gonna have to serve somebody.
Sometimes I'm thinking I'm much too high to fall.
Then I went back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.
Othello told Desdemona, "I'm cold, cover me with a blanket.
I don't know.
Egypt and Rome, even the great Babylon.
But he sure left here in style.
Ain't no reason to go anywhere.
It's late, I'm trying to walk the line.
O'er the road we're bound to go.
We're both just one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
And his ghost is lying thirsty in the ditch where Ira died.
Good as I been to you.
It's your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat.
Don't stand in the doorway, don't block up the hall.
Sara, Sara, beautiful lady so dear to my heart.
Her profession's her religion, her sin is her lifelessness.
And I never did plan to go anyway to Black Diamond Bay.
Yeah, but she breaks a-just like a little girl.
She's 68, but she says she's 54.
An innocent man in a living hell.
Don't fall apart on me tonight.
For not breaking down no bedroom door to get at you.
I'm your man, I'm trying to recover the sweet love that we knew.
Your mama's working, your mama's moaning.
Alberta, don't you treat me unkind.
In the jingle-jangle morning I'll come following you.
Then he went off sniffing drainpipes and reciting the alphabet.
But I'll see him in anything, so I'll stand in line.
They asked me my name and I said Captain Kidd.
No more pint of salt for me, many thousand gone.
Five believers, five believers all dressed like men.
It's alright, ma, I can make it.
We all wear the same thorny crown.
She's never, never feeled so bad I went away.
If'n you don't know by now.
Walking a road other men have gone down.
They say "Sing!" while you slave -- I get bored.
When I come a-knocking, don't throw me no bone.
Into the narrow lanes where I can't stumble or stay put.
It was raining from the first and I was dying there of thirst, so I came in here.
His bedroom window, it's a-made outta bricks.
Blowing like my woman's on board.
But we're all gonna make it at that million dollar bash.
You are on the bottom.
There are frail forms fainting at the door.
Well, I might look like Robert Ford, but I feel just like Jesse James.
Well, I'll sing this verse, ain't gonna sing no more.
You can say I didn't give to you.
But it was you who set yourself up for a fall.
Make a living by a-putting on airs.
It sure feels right on a night like this.
Feeling so harmless, I'm looking at your second door.
He could be standing next to you, the person that you notice least.
I can feel it in the light, in the light, in the light and it's got to be true.
I'm twenty miles outta town and Cold Irons bound.
This is the blind horse that leads you around.
You can't rely no more to be standing around waiting.
Everything inside my pockets your uncle steals.
And I'll rock you too.
I said, oh, babe, I'm in the mood for you.
She looked like she stepped out of The Dolce Vita.
Gon' make you see just how loyal and true a man can be.
If not for you.
You give something up for everything you gain.
Papa gone mad, mama, she's feeling sad.
It's just escaping on the run, and but for the sky there are no fences facing.
Like pendulums swinging on chains.
I just don't think that I could handle it.
People'd ask about you, I didn't tell 'em everything I knew.
"It will destroy your family, your happy home is gone.
What he gets he must pay for - he don't get it out of love.
We chopped through the night and we chopped through the dawn.
They let me go right away - they were very paranoid.
On the fifth day of May in the drizzling a-rain.
And I know no one can sing the blues like Blind Willie McTell.
I went to the church house, every day I go an extra mile.
I had fourteen-karat gold in my mouth and silk upon my back.
I will only let you down.
I love you more than ever and I haven't yet begun.
And told him what a nice, pretty farm he had.
I just can't fight 'em anymore.
When I left my long-time darling, she was standing in the door.
Just like my own false love to me.
So I beg you: let it be me.
The crashing waves like cymbals clashed against the rocks and sands.
God knows there ain't anybody ever gonna take the place of you.
Someone always gets hurt, a fire always starts.
He brags of his misery, he likes to live dangerousl,.
He just had the insight to rip off the lid before its time.
I can hear my ancestors calling from the land far beyond.
For they couldn't go no further without the jack of hearts.
Darkness was everywhere, it smelled like a tomb.
Come out tonight, everything'll be tight, Winterlude, this dude thinks you're grand.
You got to do unto others like you'd have them--like you'd have them do unto you.
Just like you've always smiled before.
When I picked it up and said hello, this foot came through the line.
But the sun goes around the heavens and another day just drives on through.
We've done nothing to each other time will not erase.
All the laughter is just making me sad, the stars have turned cherry-red.
I was alright till I fell in love with you.
Well, she don't make me nervous, she don't talk too much.
Lord, in my time of dying, don't want nobody to cry.
Well, once I was rather prosperous, there was nothing I did lack.
This is, uh-- This is a song about a boxer--boxer. This is gonna be to do with boxing. This is a song about a boxer. And, uh, it's, uh, it's not even having to with a boxer really. It's got nothing to do with nothing. Well, I shit all these words together. That's all. This is, uh, taken out of the newspapers. Nothing has been changed 'cept the words.
If I had a conscience, well, I just might blow my top.
To find that the judge had never spoken.
It only trouble for you if you let her in.
With all of his traveling, but I'm still on that road.
That Johanna's not here.
Your paupers and peasants and princes and kings.
But it ain't like changing horses in midstream.
And you never ask questions when God's on your side.
But power and greed and corruptible seed seem to be all that there is.
Until the break of day let me see you make him smile.
But then again, I said-again, I said, whoa-whoa, babe, sometimes I'm in the mood for you.
To marry John Thomas, a miner.
Outside of two men on a train platform, there's nobody in sight.
I can see the unknown rider, I can see the pale white horse.
"Well, saddle for me my coal-black stud, he's speedier than the gray.
But, like Louise always says, "You can't look at much, can you, man?" as she herself prepares for him.
Into the valley of dry-bone dreams.
Albert said, "I'm leaving you, won't be gone for long.
Lily called another bet and drew up the jack of hearts.
He's a bad man, gonna land him right back in jail.
Baby, that I wouldn't do.
My toes, too numb to step, wait only for my boot-heels to be wandering.
Long, black, shaggy hair hanging in her face.
When she did, she could not believe her eyes.
All you got to do is wait and I'll tell you when.
That I really did try to get close to you.
Don't keep me knocking about from Mexico to Tibet.
I only saw what they let me see.
Said, "Ms. Mouse, be you within?" Uh-huh.
Nobody can sing the blues like Blind Willie McTell.
That I a-just don't fit? Yes, I believe it's time for us to quit.
All the money you made will never buy back your soul.
I'm bound to ride that morning railroad.
Today Medgar Evers was buried from the bullet he caught.
You make me nervous when you start to talk.
Well, she came out the very next day to see where they had flown.
Someday gonna need my help, someday.
And I'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
And it never seemed strange.
Somewhere so high above this wall.
Well, the Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly.
You were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowing.
Rita said "Come back!" and he started to load.
I'd like to think I could control myself, but it isn't true.
Well, I wake up in the morning, fold my hands and pray for rain.
Sun don't shine above the ground.
You got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules.
And you say "Impossible!" as he hands you a bone.
I thought some of 'em were friends of mine, I was wrong about 'em all.
"There's many here among us who feel that life is but a joke.
And seized him by the collar, boldly made him stand.
'Bout an East Coast city that you all know well.
I don't know how much longer I can wait.
Let's call it a day, go our own different ways before we decay.
But darting fumes and making haste, it ain't my cup of meat.
Go away from my door and my window too, right now.
He never did plan to walk the high wire.
I haven't known peace and quiet for so long I can't remember what it's like.
Just what he was talking about.
Twenty miles outta town, Cold Irons bound.
I had no idea what a woman in love would do.
Tell her she can look me up if she's got the time.
Everybody says he's the brains behind ma.
I'm gonna look at you till my eyes go blind.
He's had twenty-seven children, yet he's never had a wife.
I can tell you are torn between staying and returning on back to the South.
Blinded by sleep and in need of a bed.
The driver came in after you left, he gave 'em all to me and then he resigned.
I'd just about convinced myself nothing had changed that much.
All the people we used to know, they're an illusion to me now.
Down along the cove I spied my little bundle of joy.
Went into a laundry to wash my clothes down.
Just remember that death is not the end.
To hear again the songbird's sweet, melodious tone.
No use to ask me, baby, 'cause I'll never be back.
I took some comfort there.
I got eight carburetors, boys, I'm using 'em all.
She got a weird sense of humor that's all her own.
Under your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat.
I left all my dreams and hopes buried under tobacco leaves.
Bluebells blazing where the Aberdeen waters flow.
I could offer you a warm embrace to make you feel my love.
You'll see the honor I have gained by the wearing of the blue.
See like me or be like me.
And the people that confronted him were many.
She said she would always stay.
Threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll and bade it a tedious returning.
Eclipses both the sun and moon.
The old Rounder in the iron mask, he slipped me the master key.
See for me that her hair's hanging down.
Just like the time before and the time before that.
The drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war.
Here's a foreign song I learned in Utah.
For, if the sailors prove false to you, well, the captain, he might prove true.
Well, your railroad gate, you know I just can't jump it.
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more.
You're my baby.
Humility, simplicity.
With a .44 smokeless under my head.
I'd do it, but I-I just can't remember how.
The National Guard stands around his door.
What looks like the easy way out.
Honey, we could be in Kansas by the time the snow begins to thaw.
Don't get up, gentlemen, I'm only passing through.
Tell 'em all that Montgomery says hello.
She yells and hollers and screams and snorts.
Because everybody must get stoned.
The streets of heaven are lined with gold.
And watched out for a simple twist of fate.
We both heard voices for a while, now the rest is a-history.
What was it you wanted? Tell me again, I forgot.
Catch you when your troubles feel like they weigh a ton.
Then he moved into the corner, face down like the jack of hearts.
"There's too much confusion, I can't get no release.
But our time has come and I'm seeing the real you at last.
Underneath it it said, "A man with no alibi".
Walk like a duck, and smell like a skunk.
Ramona, come closer, shut softly your watery eyes.
Sweet goddess, must be time to carve another notch.
Where she bathed in a stream of pure heat.
But to search for love, that ain't no more than vanity.
Daylight sneaking through the window and I'm still in this all-night cafe.
She knows that I'm not afraid to look at her.
Yes, I see you got your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat.
I find it so difficult to leave.
You put your eyes in your pockets and your nose into the ground.
Buy you shoes and clothes.
Till suddenly we found that the brakes were gone.
You got some big dreams, baby, but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep.
Ever since I seen you there.
To flesh-colored Christs that glow in the dark.
All because of the color of his skin.
He still waits for me, constant on the sly.
Sara, oh, Sara, don't ever leave me, don't ever go.
While I'm in the hall.
Threw him down in the hole, I put back the cover.
And the Good Samaritan, he's dressing, he's getting ready for the show.
And ye shall be changed.
If he wanted to dance, he had a face like a mask.
I know you're sorry, I'm sorry too.
I said, "No, no, no! I'm a doctor and it's true.
To the sin of love's false security.
Welfare Department, they wouldn't give him no clothes.
Now you stand here expecting me to remember something you forgot to say.
Even a pawn must hold a grudge.
Each one wishing for what the other has got.
Trying to create a next world war.
And now you'd throw us all aside and put us on our way.
Close your eyes, close the door.
You can't find no salvation, have no expectations any time, any place, anywhere.
We got met with a tear gas bomb.
Everybody can't be as lucky as you.
I've been trying to get as far away from myself as I can.
He was staring into space over at the jack of hearts.
Turn you into a piece of meat, the disease of conceit.
It's that million dollar bash.
But his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the jack of hearts.
She got a pretty face and long, white, shiny legs.
That hype you and type you, making you feel that you must be exactly like them.
If I'm not too far off, I think we did this once before.
When I'm alone with you.
Your grass is turning black, there's no water in your well.
I got nothing but affection for all those who've sailed with me.
To each his own, it's all unknown if dogs run free.
Draw conclusions on the wall.
Had to go to Florida, dodging them Georgia laws.
Pull him down in a county hook, my man.
But I'd rather have joined that pirate ship than gone to Botany Bay.
Told me of a new day coming across the field.
You're coming through to me in black and white when we were made of dreams.
I wish to my soul that I could see the gal I'm a-thinking of.
Everyone was there and nobody tried to hide.
To anything I mighta tried.
The drilling in the wall kept up, but no one seemed to pay it any mind.
And my best friend, the doctor, he won't even tell me what it is that I've gots.
Nothing standing there, high water everywhere.
Big, white clouds like chariots that swing down low.
Lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair.
Flows out of their bodies and is buried in the mud.
Off the Golden Gate Bridge into China Bay.
Tell 'em all Montgomery says hello.
Is when I'm alone with you.
She longed to see that seaport town of Canadee-i-o.
You were glowing in the sun while being peaceably calm.
You tamed the lion in my cage, but it just a-wasn't enough to change my heart.
If you're black, you might as well not show up on the street 'less you wanna draw the heat.
Charm the whistle off an evening train.
Nothing but the moon and stars.
Sacrifice was the code of the road.
There's gladness in his heart, he's young and he's wild.
They complained in the East - they are paying too high.
I'm short on gas, my motor's starting to stall.
I crossed that river just to be where you are.
When it comes to scratching for my meat.
Well, so don't think twice, it's alright.
She's in some foreign land.
Say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in.
And these visions of Johanna, they kept me up past the dawn.
You can have your cake and eat it too.
And the flowerpot's from Pakistan.
Trees that've stood for a thousand years suddenly will fall.
Oh, that I can't provide for you no easy answer.
Sweet beauty, meet me at the border late tonight.
Some kinda things you can never kill.
Sometimes it's just plain stupid to get into any kind of wind.
Come, baby, hold me, come, baby, help me, my arms are open wide.
Or maybe I do, but I'm just really not sure.
He stole my baby and he wanted to steal me.
And I need you, ah.
Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door.
And you turn and run farther when the fast bullets fly.
In the palace of the Pope.
True love, true love, true love tends to forget.
Ain't no use to talk to me.
You want a watered-down love.
I was looking around, I was outta sight.
But, yeah, I think it can be very easily done.
With my hat in my hand and my boots on my feet.
Well, the National Guard stands around his door.
Went into the laundry to wash my clothes down.
And I--I never took much, I never asked for your crutch, now don't ask for mine.
They say that you're planning to put me down.
You put your eyes in your pocket and you put your nose into the ground.
As the dying gunfighter lay on the sun and gasped for his last breath.
"And stay all night with me.
Gonna break in the roof, set fire to the place as a parting gift.
When I realized I hadn't eaten for five days straight.
And the mailbox is locked.
Yes, tell me.
From the little Minnesota town.
He wanted money up front, said he was abused by dignity.
I'm taking you with me, a-honey baby, where I go.
Everything is gonna be fine.
Is it something important? Maybe not.
But the joke was on me, there was nobody even there to bluff.
If you really believe that, you know you have nothing to win and nothing to lose.
Until my dying-day.
From the city of seven hills, near the place of the cross.
So quickly into autumn.
All under strong delusion, all of their beds're unmade.
They got him on conspiracy - they were never sure who with.
I couldn't find any.
I'm sad and lonely too.
It's been nice seeing you, you read me like a book.
Police at your back.
Now and then there's a fool such as I.
Just when she left me, she gon' to stay.
Here's a simple love story, happened to me.
By the saving grace that's over me.
Baby, please come home.
Then, she says, "You don't read women authors, do you?" At least that's what I think I hear her say.
Telling me he loves all kinds of people.
But it's not like the sun that used to be.
Said Tweedle Dum to Tweedle Dee.
At Napoleon in rags and the language that he used.
Then he fines you every time you slam the door.
"Yes, that's the one," said the stranger, as quiet as a mouse.
But don't think twice, it's alright.
And there are no trials inside the gates of Eden.
In this thing she called a good, old-fashioned war.
Two riders were approaching, the wind began to howl.
Down the hallway footsteps were coming for the jack of hearts.
As I landed on the psychiatric couch.
Timber, two foot six across, burns with the bark still on.
Everybody got to move somewhere.
They're dripping with garlic and olive oil.
The branches cast their shadows over stone.
But, mama, you been on my mind.
He and Arthur Dexter Bradley went a-prowling around.
You just to give away your check to tax-deductible charity organizations.
I didn't know what I was gonna do.
And then unto eternity.
He can ride down Niagara Falls in the barrels of your skull.
Joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats.
All because his face was brown.
That number eleven was closing.
But mine was a little different, you see.
I've paid the price of solitude, but at least I'm out of debt.
And I ducked as he swung at me with all his might.
Gon' get me a freight train, the work done got hard.
I just kept looking at her face so white, I didn't know what to think.
Water pouring into Vicksburg, don't know what I'm gonna do.
Fighting every inch of the way.
Well, my love for her has taken such a long time to die.
And discovered her invisible self.
You'd know what a drag it is to see you.
And the locusts sang and they were singing for me.
That I made it so easy for you to follow me.
I would have gone on after you, but I didn't feel like letting my head get blown off.
Know that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.
And cleaned out the bank safe - it's said they got off with quite a haul.
Some place so high above this wall.
Set mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.
Said it was a bad dream.
And landed fully blast in his garden flowers.
I wish I knew what it was keeps me loving you so.
And you--you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time.
All the friends I ever had are gone.
Well, I see you got a new boyfriend, no, I never seen him before.
Ceased to come for about ten months or more.
I and I, in creation where one's a-nature neither honor, nor forgive.
No contract he signed was worth what was it written on.
My woman said she'd meet me there and of course I knew she would.
May you always do for others and let others do for you.
Your grandma prays to pictures that are pasted on a board.
When he was ten years old, he had a watermelon stand.
But all I see are dark eyes.
And I want you to be that woman every time.
Well, I'd trade places with any of 'em in a minute if I could.
Rolls me over, and kicks me out of bed.
You to hand over your check to tax-deductible charity organizations.
The world's being slaughtered, it's such a bloody disgrace.
Everyone is either making love or else expecting rain.
Ain't nothing too discreet 'bout the disease of conceit.
For he was always known to lend a helping hand.
I wouldn't marry the president." Uh-huh.
Epitome, rigidity.
You came down the line, gave me a new mind, you changed my life.
Maybe you'll beg me like a dog to take you back.
Don't have to look no further - you're the soul of many things.
When someone disappears, you never even know.
Ever since we've been apart.
You'll know the love that I had for you was never my own.
Yes, my temperature rises and my feet can't walk so hot.
He shot poor Delia down with a cruel .44.
Hoping you'll come through too.
Either one of us could do what we do best.
When I paint my masterpiece.
Any day now, oh, any day now, I shall be released.
Yeah, here's one for ya.
Sometimes I have ten dollars just to pay Little Maggie's wine.
She did not see her soldier son in sight.
Build you a house out of mortar and bricks.
But, now, lord God, let my poor voice be heard.
Saying, "Hey, I've been having the same old dreams.
I am only human, but you are so divine.
Sara, Sara, loving you is one thing I'll never regret.
You see, you forgot to leave me with the key.
Waiting on my burying ground.
Nothing done and nothing said.
Well, I'm just thumping.
And it seems like I've gotta travel on.
Of when the red iron ore pits run aplenty.
But, when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, them pigeons'll go to him.
But jumping Qs and making haste, you know, it ain't my cup of meat.
Deny, defy, or crucify you.
I'm not even acquainted with my own desires.
And I covered her up and then thought I'll go look through her drawer.
Who came running to the deck, said, "Boys, forget the whale.
Something is the matter, baby, there's smoke in your hair.
At bringing back any help for my friends and Captain Arab.
If I didn't leave you, I would have to kill you dead.
Saying, "I'll dress you up in sailor's clothes, your jacket shall be blue.
Well, our captain, he is dead - died for a maid.
I'm not quite as cool or forgiving as I sound, I've seen 'nough heartache and strife.
Don't know how much time I got, don't know how long I'll live.
"Don't point your finger at me.
Soon the horse will take us to Durango.
Kisses she gave him three.
And his brain has been mismanaged with great skill.
Lay, lady, lay, lay across my big brass bed.
Please let me ride you home.
You're gonna need my help, sweetheart, you can't make love all by yourself.
If we expect to live off of the fat of the land.
In God's truth, babe, tell me what you want and you'll have it of course, just step into the arena.
See that my grave is kept clean.
'Bout the madness of becoming what one was never meant to be.
When the night comes falling from the sky.
For the child that cries when the innocence dies.
When a trusty shillelagh came over their head and bid them take that as fair warning.
"Stack-A-Lee, oh, Stack-A-Lee, please don't take my life.
I haven't known about peace and quiet now for so long I don't even remember what it's like.
And maybe fall in love, just me and you.
Unless they're from another world.
Well, I walk on pins and needles, I hope my tongue don't slip.
Broken voices on broken phones.
Poor man looking through painted glass for dignity.
As they carried him from the courtroom and were taking him away.
Honey, 'cause the world gone wrong.
It's easy to see without looking too far that not much is really sacred.
Whether he was bluffing or whether he was true.
Got a shock from my feet that hit my brain.
You see, I just lost all my picnic spirit.
Well, my house is on fire, burning to the sky,.
It's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor.
I used to be among the crowd you're in with.
There are things I could say but I don't, I know the mercy of God must be near.
I know a place where there's still something going on.
But the song, it was long and it was far to the end.
Take a tip from a-one who's tried.
Darling, I'm a-counting on you.
Would let me know if I should go back to ship or back to jail.
But my heart just won't give in.
I and I, creation where one's nature neither honor, nor forgive.
It's for myself and my friends my stories are sung.
"And light on my right knee.
I and I, in creation where one's a-nature neither honors, nor forgives.
Is, baby, be friends with you.
Darling, so it goes, some things were meant to be.
You gonna have to find yourself another best friend somehow.
My friends, they couldn't have been kinder.
But she breaks just like a little girl.
With guns in their hands and God on their side.
If I don't get the gal I'm loving, won't go down Highway 51 no more.
And, while everybody knelt to pray, the drifter did escape.
You say you're sorry for telling stories that you know I believe are true.
Her fond face pale with woe.
To make me think I'm wrong.
And just for that one moment I could be you.
Don't have to put her in my house, Lordy, just lead her to my door.
Ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street.
He left her penniless in a state of regret - it was time to bust outta the cage.
When you ain't got nothing, you got nothing to lose.
If it's you my lifelines trace.
Thunder from the barrel of his gun.
Alright, I'll take a chance, I will fall in love with you.
I've spent all my money on whiskey and beer.
Searching for the very souls whom already have been sold.
You'd be honest with me if only you knew.
Like the men that followed Jesus when they put a price upon His head.
Love is pleasing, love is teasing, love not an evil thing.
And maybe say hello with just a glance.
In your busted down Ford and your platform heels.
It's rough out there, high water everywhere.
She's a-drinking down her troubles over courting some other man.
From silver and gold, from what man cannot hold, you changed my life.
And it never give up till the battle's lost or won.
When you made everybody pay.
They'll be there when you got something, they'll take it all in the end.
The way you walk and the way you talk, I swear, it would make me sing.
It's alright, ma, I'm only sighing.
From the boat I fish for bullheads, I catch a lot, sometimes too many.
You can see that my grave is kept clean.
Headed out for the western skies.
Take heed of the stormy weather.
To see what kinda words he could say.
Won't you come with me, baby? I'll take you where you wanna go.
Trust yourself to find the path where there is no if and when.
They got - all got outta here any way they could, cold rain can give you the shivers.
The rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young.
They got a parade permit and a police escort.
Bent over backwards from a hurricane breeze.
Where I can watch her waltz for free 'neath her Panamanian moon.
So I picked up my guitar and began the next song.
Everybody singing a sorrowful tune.
But it's just like a dead man's last pistol shot, baby.
Oh, hard times, come again no more.
Make me proud to know you wear the gun.
And the only time he's satisfied is when he's on a drunk.
That he'll live by the rules that the world makes for him.
Wiggle till the moon sees you.
Got ice water in my veins.
I'm just glad it's over, I'm seeing the real you at last.
In every leaf that trembles, in every grain of sand.
I had so little time to fail.
And a noble truth is a sacred creed.
A-move a-lightly on the ground.
68, but says he's 24.
And may you always a-know the truth and see the light surrounding you.
And anyone can fill his life up with things he can see, but he just cannot touch.
You put your eyes in your pocket and your nose on the ground.
Either one, I don't care." High water everywhere.
She gone with the man in the long, black coat.
What it's like to be in society with a shackle on your hand.
Mutiny from stern to bow.
And the wind blows high above the tree.
A .44 smokeless under my head.
Sometimes I wanna take to the road and plunder.
Last night I knew you, tonight I don't.
But I made up my mind that I had to get on.
Things are breaking up out there, high water everywhere.
But she ain't gonna make a move, I guess it must be up to me.
But I don't feel alone 'cause I believe in you.
Waitress comes over, nobody in the place but me and her.
I got a real gal I'm loving, Lord, I'll love her till I'm dead.
As the stars fell down and the moons fade away on Black Diamond Bay.
And booked William Zantzinger for first-degree murder.
Well, ninety miles an hour down a dead-end street.
Our chances really was a million to one.
You say you're assuming that you're kind of a-hurting, but you know sometimes you lie.
My attempts to please you, they were all in vain.
And then she aches just like a woman, but she breaks just like a little girl.
From Washington Heights to Harlem on down.
The cavalries charged, then the Indians died.
Lenny Bruce moved on and yet the ones that killed him are gone.
Everything inside is made of stone.
But, when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody'll jump for joy.
I hear that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.
Of every man who put me here.
I got nothing to say, 'specially about whatever was.
Toiling in the danger, in the morals of despair.
Kneeling 'neath your ceiling - yes, I guess I'll be here for a while.
'Specially when it's nine below zero and three o'clock in the afternoon.
I'm doomed to love you, I've been rolling through stormy weather.
When I go to my grave, my head will be high.
Mistake your shyness for aloofness, your silence for snobbery.
But I will always be emotionally yours.
To sit down on this bank of sand and watch the river flow.
But they made a killer outta him is what they did.
I ain't looking for nothing in anyone's eyes.
I'm staying with Aunt Sally, but, you know, she's not really my aunt.
He not a gentleman at all, he rotten to the core, he's a coward, and he steals.
As someone who has had you on his mind.
To all give a check to tax-deductible charity organizations.
Look how sweet she sleeps, how free must be her dreams.
Handy-dandy, Handy-dandy.
If it just don't make me hurts.
Wanna save my money and rip it up.
You got my money, now you're trying to break this date.
Quite clear. no doubt, somehow.
The bombs were meant for him, he was supposed to feel bad.
I had something to protect.
But the post office's been stolen and the mailbox is locked.
And forgot about a simple twist of fate.
Nobody can see through him, no, not even the Chief of Police.
But the song, it was long and I'd only begun.
I see that stationmaster too.
I got a woman who works herself blind.
Dropping a barbell, he point to the sky.
She was with Big Jim, but she was leaning to the jack of hearts.
And that the land that I live in has God on its side.
Must be and that is all.
Was to haul your picture down off the wall near the cage where I used to work.
I said Highway 51 runs right by my baby's door.
I can't remember your face anymore, your mouth has changed, your eyes don't look into mine.
I'm sitting here listening to every mind-polluting word.
That he needs you to test his inventions.
Of your useless and pointless knowledge.
Baby, baby.
You always got to be prepared, but you never know for what.
Street band playing "Nearer My God to Thee".
Please quit your low-down ways.
I'd be grateful if this golden ring you'd receive.
Life don't mean a thing.
And, when he sees his reflection, he's fulfilled.
Take a woman like you to get through to the man in me.
Step lightly on the ground.
She murdered mortal he.
Whether Judas Iscariot had God on his side.
And now you're gonna have to get used to it.
There's seven people dead on a South Dakota farm.
Billy, and you're playing all alone.
It didn't amount to anything more than what the broken glass reflects.
That I wanted you, baby, in every kind of way.
Was the boy with the curly hair.
He dressed like Jimmy Cagney, but he did - lost a little weight.
I'm preaching the word of God, I'm putting out your eyes.
Or remember the sounds of my own name.
Well, I got back, took the parking ticket off the mast.
To kill with no pain.
Somebody said dignity was the first to leave.
The engineer gone through the hole in the wall.
But I'd sacrifice the world for you to watch my senses die.
Yes, I disobeyed his orders, I came to see you, but I found him there instead.
The only place open is a thousand miles away and I can't take you there.
I say, "How much you want for that?" I go into the store.
You know, I just couldn't make it by myself, I'm a little too blind to see.
Don't remember one thing more.
Wondering where you are tonight, sweet Marie.
Ain't nothing to do but to set down and sing and rock about my Sarah Jane.
Until we're both one too many mornings and a thousand miles away.
Believe in His power - that's about all you got to do.
Maybe next time I'll let the dead bury the dead.
I'm locked in tight, I'm outta range.
I's looking around just to see who was born.
So I turned on my Conelrad.
To know which way the wind blows.
There's no excuse for you to say that we don't think alike.
I'm not that eager to make a mistake.
They'll stone you when you're set down in your grave.
They gotta sleep together in a home they don't own.
Running out the clock, time standing still.
Yes, I know that highway like I know the back of my hand.
This is a somewhat new song called "Seven Days".
Sometimes I wonder what it's gonna take to find dignity.
Bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity.
I put my fingers against the glass and bowed my head and cried.
I'd'a paid the traitor and killed him much later, but that's just the way that I am.
Tweedle Dum and Tweedle Dee.
And everything that she ever planned just a-had to be postponed.
Far down the street we stray.
You put your eyes in your pocket, you put your nose in the ground.
Your old road is rapidly fading.
Where the nights are always sadder than the day.
Is that his name wasn't Henry Porter.
You just want to be on the side that's winning.
No more driver's lash for me, many thousand gone.
I never seen him quarrel with my mother even once, things come alive or they fall flat.
To which a scoundrel clings.
Down by the banks of Loch Eiron where beauty and pleasure were known.
Wouldn't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake.
But she'd never met anyone quite like the jack of hearts.
Come on, darling.
I'm wondering what in the devil could it all possibly mean.
Down along the cove I spied my true love coming my way.
Is the saving grace that's over me.
Got three little children and a weeping, loving wife.
And don't criticize what you can't understand.
And shot it fulla holes.
So you might not know exactly how I feel.
Startles your sleeping ears to hear someone thinks they really found you.
You've turned your hair to brown, love to see it hanging down.
When I took up his offer, I must've been mad.
And you did it with strength that belonged to the gods.
I got a long-haired woman, she got royal Indian blood.
I got trouble in my mind.
You've had time to think about it for a while.
It always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue.
While we all sup sorrow with the poor.
For an instant hand touched hand.
Well, I'm lost somewhere, I must've made a few bad turns.
That hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin.
The time and the place that we'd part.
Crammed me back into the county jail.
And there are no sins inside the gates of Eden.
'Cause he was a friend of mine.
So interchangeable, so delightful to see.
Well, my heart's in the Highlands, only place left to go.
Farewell, Angelina, the sky's flooding over and I must be gone.
Sometimes I turn, there's someone there, other times it's only me.
And I am bound away for the sea, Mary Ann.
There was nobody around.
Then "lonesome" would mean nothing to you at all.
Singing for me, well, singing for me.
I've been up all night, baby, leaning on the windowsill.
But he's badly-built and he walks on stilts - watch out he don't fall on you.
This is called "I Don't Believe You (It Used to Go Like That and Now It Goes Like This)".
I just want you to know I can a-see through your mask.
As Lady and I look out tonight from Desolation Row.
You have to pay to get out of going through all these things twice.
The whole night through.
Everything looks a little far away to me.
I'm ready when you are, Senor.
That backs up their views, but your face is so bruised.
Without freedom of speech, I might be in the swamp.
Delia was a gambling girl, she laid her money down.
I can see that your head has been twisted and fed with worthless foam from the mouth.
Things I never meant nor wished to say.
He's eating bagels. He's eating pizza. He's eating chitlins.
Michelangelo indeed could've carved out your features.
He was her man, he done her wrong.
He's the neighborhood bully.
Then I see the bloody face of Ramon.
The world could come to an end tonight, but that's alright.
For playing the electric violin on Desolation Row.
Neighborhood bully.
Into reach of your rattling drums.
We died and were reborn and then mysteriously saved.
Peggy Night makes my future look so bright.
To think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.
All he ever wanted was somebody to trust.
Handy-dandy, just like sugar and candy.
I figured I was ready for Cassius Clay.
Sure seems lonesome, Lord, when the sun goes down.
Who passionately hates his life and likewise fears his death.
No sound ever comes from the gates of Eden.
All about that John B. Stetson hat.
With the twang of the arrow and the snap of the bow.
Shoot a few holes, blow their minds.
Somebody is out there beating on a dead horse.
Standing at my window, wishing me goodnight.
Won't let go and I can't let go.
That's the day you die.
The name she bore was Flora, the Lily of the West.
The fortune-telling lady has even taken all her things inside.
I need a shot of love.
A few stolen kisses and no harm was done.
Was the great-granddaughter of Mr. Clean.
Drink up your blood like wine.
Yet there's no one to beat you, no one to defeat you 'cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad.
But sometimes you just find yourself over the line.
Into the ditch of what each one means.
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.
I remember her whispering yet.
Heading for the gates of Eden.
And you must realize the danger.
I asked Fat Nancy for something to eat, she said, "Take it off the shelf.
With strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us.
You're on the bottom.
I'm gon' to teach peace to the conquered, I'm gonna tame the proud.
Seven shots ring out like the ocean's pounding roar.
In your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat.
Other times I'm thinking I'm so low I don't know if I can come up at all.
Never needs to be proud, loud, or restlessly yearning.
It's a shame the way she make me scrub the floor.
You're invisible, you got no secrets to conceal.
I long to reach for you in the night.
Honey, I will pay your fare.
This is called "A Sacrilegious Lullaby in--in D Minor". (Strums some strings.) That's the D minor. No, in all seriousness-- (Audience member interjects: "Why'd you pick it?") Well, I don't know why. This is, this a love song. It's called the "Gates of Eden".
At misunderstood visions and at the faces of clocks.
Get ready 'cause today I'll be staying here with you.
There he still sits on top of the hill.
Under the hedges.
Or maybe I'm one up on you.
They went down the Ohio, the Cumberland, the Tennessee, all the rest of them rebel rivers.
Couldn't get a man around to go Stack-A Lee's bail.
Yes, I'm trying to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you.
A true love of mine.
With His serpent eyes of obsidian.
And every window made of glass.
She laid out the tablecloth, uh-huh.
Your loyalty is not to me but to the stars above.
She's nobody's child, the law can't touch her at all.
All inside the walls on the grounds of Red Wing.
My sister, she ran off and got married, never was heard of anymore.
Oh, me, I busted out - don't even ask me how.
Just thinking of a series of dreams.
But you said you knew me and I believed you did.
Stone you and they'll be back again.
But tonight I'm as lonesome as can be.
You look into the fiery furnace, see the rich man without any name.
He must have loved me oh! so much to send me someone as fine as you.
I don't blame him too much, though. He didn't know me.
I know for a fact he hates Commies 'cause he picketed the movie Exodus.
You loved all them rounders, never did love me.
Even though Rita moved away and got a job at a motel.
Things fall to pieces in my face.
Mocked my God, humiliated my friends.
Till the white man stole their water rights and the running water hushed.
Even deep down inside my toilet bowl.
I already told you, won't tell you again.
You and I, we've been through that, this is not our fate.
I watched them from the distance with the music in my ears.
If I say I'm loving you not for you're-what you are but what you're not.
That last night I was with.
The old man then rolled off the curb.
I'm everybody's brother and son.
You could make me cry if you don't know.
I seen a man.
Buildings going up to the sky.
Been so long since a strange woman has slept in my bed.
Let me feel your love one more time before I abandon it.
Take it on down to give me grow.
That he's tall, dark, and handsome and you're holding his hand.
Oh, the country was young with God on its side.
One of us has got to hit the road, I guess it must be up to me.
And the pearls are from Japan.
Bringing everything that's near to me nearer to the fire.
The Persian drunkard, he follows me.
If he don't expect to be housing flushes.
There's been a crash on the levee and, mama, you been refused.
The beauty parlor's filled with sailors, the circus is in town.
Try to make things better for someone, sometimes you just end up making it a thousand times worse.
That she's my little lady and I love her so.
But they wouldn't let me on the tennis court.
Take it to your heart, don't let it stray.
Through the back alleys, through the blinds, another one of them endless days.
It seems there was an earthquake that left nothing but a Panama hat and a pair of old Greek shoes.
Tried to create a next world war.
Cold, black water don't make no tears.
I'm T-boned and punctured, I've been known to be calm.
Give you an inch and you'll take the mile.
You only got ten.
Now and forever let it be me.
Queen Mary, she's my friend. Yes, I believe I'll go see her again.
You don't want me, give my money back.
Trust yourself.
Honey, I can't tell right from wrong.
If you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again, you do so at the peril of your life.
Sara, Sara, radiant jewel, mystical wife.
Where no one will be a stranger to me.
He's always on trial for just being born.
Every urge is so satisfied as long as you're with me.
It goes to the worthy, who can divide the word of truth.
About having to be scrounging for your next meal.
That I left in the French Quarter.
There's something I've gotta do tonight - you go inside and stay warm.
I hate myself for loving you and I'm glad the curtain fell.
Just crying out that he was framed.
I spoke like a child, you destroyed me with a smile while I was sleeping.
She still lives inside of me, we've never been apart.
Everybody's in despair, every girl and boy.
And I need you, yeah, you, ah, I need you.
With all these promises you left for me.
There was dust on the man in the long, black coat.
If I ride back again.
The sooner you can leave.
Orders from the D.A.
And try to avoid the scandals.
Well, I'm walking down the road with my head in my hand.
She knows where I'd like to be, but it doesn't matter.
But the clear road's of yonder with the cinders on the side.
He was going down slow, just barely staying alive.
But we never did too much talking, anyway.
And we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks, and left them for dead in the morning.
But you'd better take your diamond ring, you'd better pawn it, babe.
Alright, thank you.
I pity the poor immigrant when his gladness comes to pass.
I said that.
There's a man going 'round calling names.
Told the first father that things weren't right.
It's all just a dream, babe, a vacuum, a scheme, babe, that sucks you into feeling like this.
And now you're better--you're gonna have to get used to it.
And your golden loom.
Even before you came in the door.
They're killing nuns and soldiers, there's fighting on the border.
Suffering like a fool.
Yes, it sure has been a long, hard climb.
But I can't get close to her at all.
Well, it's one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train.
And, if you don't like me, you can leave me alone.
Where you fought for my soul and made up against the odds.
Cops a-coming, me a-running.
Molotov cocktails and rocks behind every curtain.
Sidesaddle on the Golden Calf.
Check to see that no one is escaping to Desolation Row.
Well, I got the fever down in my pockets.
She knows I'm not afraid to look at her.
Feel like talking to somebody, but I just don't know who.
One more cup of coffee 'fore I go to the valley below.
There's a guy I gotta see.
And a fistful of coins showed the money he bummed.
That you were just kidding me, you weren't really from the farm.
And I'd lie in my bed once again.
They tell you "Time is money" as if your life was worth its weight in gold.
Let the day turn to night, my dear Mary Ann.
Besides it's just a shadow you're seeing that he's chasing.
Honey, come and see about me.
Where the women can't follow and see what I spend.
Lovers obey you, but they cannot sway you, they're not even sure you exist.
Ain't gonna hang no picture or hang no picture-frame.
I'm counting on you, love, to give me a break.
After losing every battle.
It's unbelievable it would get this far.
There's always some new stranger in the night to lend a sympathetic ear.
Father of whom we most solemnly praise.
We all know for sure that it's real.
For as long as love will last.
Doctor, lawyer, Indian chief, it takes a thief to catch a thief.
We're both one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
And crime don't have a face.
What some people are gonna do for money.
No midnight ramblers like they did before.
With all of them ladies, you know, he's the--lonely still.
Wouldn't bow down, he would not fight.
Just a one kind favor I ask of you: allow me just one more chance.
You all been down and lonesome, you know just how a poor man feels.
Inside the judge was stepping down while the jury cried for more.
Quicker than anyone I knew.
Well, I been mistreated and I swear I don't mind dying.
There's a note left in the bottle, you can give it to Estelle.
The peaches, they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed.
To anything I might have tried.
Now and then there's a fool--a fool such as I.
My pockets are loaded and I'm spending every dime.
It don't matter anyhow.
That he not busy being born is busy dying.
I was mighty, mighty tired. I had come a long, long way.
They would not let me be.
Well, my telephone rang, it would not stop.
That come with the dust and are gone with the wind.
Tell 'em Tiny Montgomery says hello.
Wherever you're a-gambling now nobody knows.
He could've been an accountant or a tennis star.
Look a-the other way.
Blowing through another no-good town.
She brought the water jug, uh-huh.
Your wife's screams're stabbing you like the dirty, driving rain.
And he's following a star, the same one them three men followed from the East.
You, you, you, you, you got a hold of my heart.
I got my hammer ringing, pretty baby, but the nails ain't going down.
Well, it can't be no guitar player, it must be convent bells.
She just acts like we never have met.
That I liked, that was always too good for this world.
Now and then--now and then there's a fool--a fool such as I.
That the whole, wide world is watching.
The waitress, he was handsome. He wore a powder-blue cape.
She knows too much to argue or to judge.
Never could learn to look at your face and call it mine.
But farewell, Angelina, the sky, it is trembling and I must leave fast.
Death kept following, tracking us down, at least I heard your bluebird sing.
I decided to have him arrested and I went looking for a cop.
And, if you don't underestimate me, I won't underestimate you.
I done pawned my pistol, baby, my best clothes been stoled.
High society, notoriety.
Yes, I could make it without you, honey, if I just did not feel so all alone.
But these to tell what's true.
That's George Lincoln Rockwell.
Speaking to some French girl, who says she knows me well.
Whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church.
I need a woman that's mine alone.
Ain't going down to Oxford Town.
In my Cadillac.
But you're not even sure what it is.
Same old rat race, life in the same old cage.
And I's left alone with three children.
I'm younger than that now.
Going down from God's distant shore.
How can you say you love someone else? You know it's me all the time.
I'll see you on God's golden shore.
Sign on a porch says that "Three's a Crowd".
But we're heading for a wall of stone.
I was playing a show in Miami in the theater of divine comedy.
A lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.
The place that I started from.
Toiling in the danger and in the morals of despair.
And they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashing in the hot New Jersey night.
The captain is down, but still believing that his love will be repaid.
Your bones are breaking, can't find nothing sacred.
Either I'm too sensitive or else I'm getting soft.
Lord, she took it away to Italy, Italy.
Where I'm bound I can't tell.
No more mudcake creatures lying in your arms.
You'll find them both in Grand Canyon, sundown.
My hands are sweating and we haven't even started yet.
I watch upon your scorpion, who crawls across your circus floor.
With your golden loom.
"Depart from me this moment," I told her with my voice.
For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled.
I've got something to tell you, baby, I know that will change your mind.
A hound dog bayed beyond your trees as I was packing up my uniform.
He immediately looked at me and stuck a gun into my guts.
There was a one-way wind a-blowing, it was blowing at my back.
Through ice and snow, sleet and rain.
Billy, and you're going all alone.
That, if God is on our side, He'll stop the next war.
Well, I'm standing on the table, I'm proposing a toast to the king.
But you break just like a little girl.
But simply because it's true.
Visions of your smoking tone shoot through my head and are making me see stars.
I'm gonna win my way to wealth and to fame.
Four by four they turn it some more.
I repeated that my friends were all in jail with a sigh.
So the radio didn't work so well.
He spoke with tears of fifteen years of how his dog and him just traveled all about.
Come over here from over there, girl.
We can hear the night watchman click his flashlight, ask himself just who that--if it's them or him that's really insane.
Jeep to drive, blood to spill.
The night is so long and the table is oh so full.
As the island slowly sank, the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room.
And relive my dreams.
Way out in the wilderness a cold coyote calls.
Gypsy gal, you got me swallowed.
Way down in Mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back.
And left me here facing the wall.
And rest yourself 'neath the strength of strings no voice can hope to hum.
We'll bring you up there on a ship.
I seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of me.
Now you stand with your thief - you're on his parole.
Saying, "She'll stay all in sailor's clothes, her color shall be blue.
Oh, even that couldn't make me go back.
That don't apply no more - all from parts of Paris.
They don't want me around 'cause I believe in you.
For me to return to or chase.
But that's what I am paid to do.
Washing them dishes, feeding them swine.
She keeps this .410 all loaded with lead.
Yes, but the joke was on me, there was nobody even there to call my bluff.
Over everything which he had made while the mission-bells did toll.
So many people I never saw in my life.
It's not dark yet, but it's getting there.
Where the miners work almost for nothing.
When I--he built a fire on Main Street and shot it full of holes.
For so long I've been hindered, for so long I've been stalled.
I'd rather have drowned in misery than gone to New South Wales.
I'm not about to argue, I'm not about to move to no other place.
Now, mark what followed and what did betide for it being on Christmas morning.
He sees your deeds, He knows your needs even before you ask.
On the jugglers and the clowns when they all did tricks for you.
Trust yourself to know the way that will prove true in the end.
And that smile's so hard to resist.
Then send out for some pillars and Cecil B. DeMille.
Somebody's got to tell the tale, I guess it must be up to me.
But maybe guilty of a-hesitating.
Then come back and cook up a meal.
Turned my skies to blue from gray.
Yeah, the locusts sang and they were singing for me.
Pull out your six-shooter and rob every bank you can see.
I got a woman in Jackson - oh, I ain't gonna say her name.
Wondering if she'd changed at all, if her hair was still red.
Believe me, it ain't no fun.
And know I'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
Most of the time.
Went into the land of the midnight sun.
"Has your luck run out?" she laughed at him, "Well, I guess you musta known it would someday.
Ooh, for the touch of your love.
Of war and peace the truth just twists.
Get you facts when someone attacks your imagination.
Baby, let me follow you down.
Billy, don't you turn your back on me.
He was standing in the doorway, looking like the jack of hearts.
Even the butler, he's got something to prove.
Something there is about you that moves with style and grace.
No kindred or relative nigh.
If the Russians happen to get up there first.
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more.
And that seven deaths shall never kill him.
Six by six...
By that soft and shining sea.
I just can't do what I done before.
Turned on my record player.
Look out your window, baby, there's a scene you'd like to catch.
Tell 'em all that Tiny says hello.
Well, I thought it would rain, but the clouds passed by.
I threw it all away.
You're gonna need - you're gonna need my help someday, oh, yes, you.
But I can't figure out whether I'm too good for you or are you too good for me.
"Arise! Arise!" he cried so loud with a voice without restraint.
Feel I'm knocking on heaven's door.
Oh, when there's too much of nothing, no one has control.
And we gazed upon the chimes of freedom flashing.
But it's alright, ma, it's life and life only.
One more cup of coffee before I go to the valley below.
They're full of cheating, misery, low-down lies.
But, when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody's gonna jump for joy.
His room was dark and crowded, lights were low and dim.
God knows you can rise above the darkest hour of any circumstance.
It's a shame the way she keeps a good man broke.
He was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself.
I'm calling you to-I'm calling you to please come home.
She's crying, you know, she's trying, you know, you better go now.
I'm in love with a woman that don't even appeal to me.
When I picked up his offer, Lord, musta been mad.
Lotta things they'd like they would never buy.
To show you where the dead angels are that they used to hide.
But he shoulda stayed where his money was green.
But the tears on her cheeks are from laughter.
His voice, it trembles as he's calling out for another plate of food.
Karl Marx has got you by the throat and Henry Kissinger's got you tied up into knots.
I kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me.
Preaching faith and salvation, waiting on the night to arrive.
It'd be great to cross paths in a day and a half, look at each other and laugh.
It is only He who can reduce me to tears.
Dear Landlord, please don't dismiss my case.
And a thousand telephones that don't ring.
A big, yellow bulldozer took away the house and land.
Concerning myself and the first few friends I had.
Both of their futures so full of dread -- you don't show one.
Going, going, gone.
On the jugglers and the clowns when they all came down to do tricks for you.
Your children are so hungry that they don't know how to smile.
And don't go mistaking paradise for that home across the road.
Just what this song is all about.
Somebody had to unlock your heart, he said it was up to me.
But tonight no moonlight will shine on me.
And the sun is a-going down upon the sacred cow.
She rolling up a lots of bread to toss away.
For Halloween buy her a trumpet and for Christmas buy her a drum.
Will be fully aware of how precious she is.
And I feel like I just a-wanna travel on.
They found him dead in the street one day.
Well, if you wanna see the sunrise, honey, I know where.
Let the echo decide if I was right or wrong.
Then they'll stone you and then they'll come back again.
And look not for answers where no answers can be found.
I'm gonna go down to the river and get some stone.
"Well, I seen your Cadillac window up-town.
There was no actor anywhere better than the jack of hearts.
Put your eyes in your pocket and your nose in the ground.
Because I'm up on a hill and still you're not there.
You to me were the best.
And you dare not change them one night for you know, if you do, you'll be flogged in the morning.
Even tore loose the kitchen floor.
Blueberry, apple, cherry, pumpkin, and plum - call me for dinner, honey, I'll be there.
Follow her down past the fountain, where they lifted her veil.
Who knocked me out and robbed my boots, and I was on the street again.
To understand you know too soon that there is no sense in trying.
He nearly went mad in Baton Rouge, he nearly drowned in Delacroix.
You know the song in my heart.
Never will want for money.
He said, "I got a bed for you underneath the stove.
But he sure was funny and he sure told the truth and he knew what he was talking about.
And there was no man around who could track or chain him down.
By and by on you I'm casting my eye.
Love to spend the night with Peggy Day.
I still can't remember all the best things she said.
Just to hear a voice of some kind.
Soon shattered as a child to the shadows.
You may not see me tomorrow.
But you can't see in and I--it's hard looking out.
Not always easy kicking someone out, gotta wait awhile, it can be an unpleasant task.
He could die happily ever after.
Full of emptiness and wrath and the fire that burns in it.
And you won't be disappointed when vain people let you down.
I never wanted to go back there, I'd rather have died.
Something there is about you that brings back a long-forgotten truth.
Look up in the hills, that flash of light.
Oh, but what a shame! that all we've shared can't last.
That big, fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon, but we're gonna let it. You won't regret it.
The dogs are barking and what's done is done.
He'll put both his arms around you, you can feel the tender touch of the beast.
It's inconceivable it could happen to you.
But, when war came, he volunteered and forgot the white man's greed.
Be grateful for what we've shared together and be glad.
Struck down by the strength of the will.
Handy-dandy, sitting with a girl named Nancy in a garden feeling kind of lazy.
Look away, we're bound away across the wide Missouri.
I was in for a pleasant, funny surprise.
I see you kiss her on the cheek every time she gives a speech.
Sky that cries and a bird that flies, a fish that walks and a dog that talks.
And passion rules the arrow that flies.
All the women came and went, barefoot servants too.
She's a humdinger, folksinger.
I don't believe you.
Watch the parking meters.
When they didn't wanna know or see.
I cannot move, my fingers are all in a knot.
They call, that simple twist of fate.
She packed it all up in a suitcase.
For the days of old when we dug up the gold, in the days of '49.
I never saw the man again.
Till she sees finally that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamine, and her pearls.
And there's a slow--there's a slow train coming up around the bend.
You're very-well read, it's well-known.
You knew that we should meet again if your memory served you well.
In this age of fiberglass I'm searching for a gem.
There was an all-night poker game, lasted about a week.
He said, "There's a body I'm a-trying to find.
Gonna keep on walking till I hear her holler out my name.
You're gonna make me lonesome when you go.
Here's an unrecorded song. See if you can guess which one it is.
Crying out that he was framed.
When my name comes up he pretends to barf.
You're always spilling juice on me like you got some place to go.
Valentino-type tangos while the heroes clean hands.
That every hair is numbered like every grain of sand.
You break your promise all over the place.
Don't put your hope in ungodly men or be a slave to what somebody else believes.
Then they'll stone you when you're there all alone.
Who think they've got the line up for me on love.
I didn't mean to treat you so bad.
I would only let you down.
It'll never do, somehow.
Trying to get to heaven before they close the door.
Just then the whole kitchen exploded from boiling fat.
Oh, babe, that fire is still smoking.
Reality has always had too many heads.
The sun was coming up and I was running down the road.
"I've got to talk to someone quick!" But the Greek said, "Go away!", and he kicked the chair to the floor.
You discover that you'd just be one more person crying.
She had chrome-brown eyes that I won't forget as long as she's gone.
Cannot hold you to its heat.
There is plenty of room for all, so please don't elbow me.
And someday maybe - who knows, baby? - I'll come and be crying to you.
I was under the dome where nothing is sung, you changed my life.
I gave you all of what I could provide.
So today I'll be staying here with you.
So I can know if I'm really real.
I'm just like him, the same as you.
To the falling gods of speed and steel.
Man there said, "Come back some other day.
She saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust.
But you're never sure why you're here.
Lord, I'm walking down the line - my feet'll be flying - to tell about my troubled mind.
They got a million things to do, they're all so inspired.
You can make it too.
Paths of victory we shall walk.
And we slept near the Alamo - your skin was so tender and soft.
Everything was exactly the way that it seems.
When a bowling ball came down the road and knocked me off my feet.
No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
Folks lose their possessions, the folks are leaving town.
Magic in a magical land.
I can't fire them anymore.
And each one I've never seen again.
26, 27, 28, 29, I'm gonna make your face look just like mine.
I'm going off into the woods, I'm hunting bare.
I'll be homeward bound, I'll be homeward bound.
And tell Jesus make up my dying bed.
They put ideas in his head that he thought were his.
She was gazing to the future, riding on the jack of hearts.
Come on, honey.
I'm a-going where the climate suits my clothes.
I know I will sustain 'cause I believe in you.
Don't trust me to show you the truth when the truth may only be ashes and dust.
I've got something to tell you, I know you're gonna change your mind.
All because I'm falling for a curly-headed, dark-eyed gal.
And I-I never took much, I never asked for your crutch, now don't ask for mine.
But everybody wants you to be just like them.
Lights flicker from the opposite loft.
"Till the flesh rots off your bones.
You kind of remind me of her when you laugh.
Somebody's got to cry some tears, I guess it must be up to me.
Ten by ten they drank it again.
To hold me in your arms.
And there wasn't any difference to me.
For the love of a lousy buck I watched them die.
Till she started peeling off her onion gook.
That night, the boss came home inquiring about his lady.
Honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your passenger train.
Duality, mortality.
Well, I asked the doctor if I could see you. "It's bad for your health," he said.
He said, "Who's not for me is against me", just so you know where He's coming from.
With a worn heart, whose better days are over.
But wouldn't tell me what it was that I got.
Your old road is rapidly aging.
So many dead-ends, I'm at the edge of the lake.
You-when you knew I had some other place to be.
When it's you who must keep it satisfied.
I always liked San Francisco, I was there for a party once.
Billy, you're so doggone far away from home.
And I love you more than ever with that love that doesn't cease.
To understand you know too soon there is no sense in trying.
Maybe down in Mexico or a picture upon somebody's shelf.
But, when there's too much of nothing, it just makes a fellow mean.
Oh, her true love e'er to be.
He bites the bullet and he looks within for dignity.
I can walk anytime around the block.
You know, I'm pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord.
Sooner or later you're gonna meet them coming down.
"Fried mosquito in a black-eyed pea." Uh-huh.
The game is the same, it's just up on another level.
Startles your ears to hear somebody thinks that they really have found you.
With four-and-twenty windows and a woman's face in every one.
You have no idea what you do to me.
You can play with fire, but you'll get the bill.
Yes, I waited for you when you hated me.
Baby, I'll be at the same hotel.
Forty-one years to wear the ball and the stripes.
And accept it all bravely with God on my side.
Finest of the ladies down Canadee-i-o.
If I was still the same, if I ever became what you wanted me to be.
Telling everybody 'bout the chief of police.
I've been burned before and I know the score, so you won't hear me complain.
Lord, I'm sitting on top of the world.
So, darling, you better come through.
You got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that'll never kill your ills.
You know, if you didn't wanna be with me, that you didn't have to stay.
Gather there together, ain't room for no more.
When the wind blows through the piney wood.
'Specially when he's in his father's house.
Chain you down or be your clown.
But my heart is telling me I love you, but you're strange.
Honey, because the world's gone wrong.
You sound like a hillbilly.
We can hear the night watchman click his flashlight, ask himself if it's him or them who should be insane.
You've been fooled into thinking that the finishing end is at hand.
Until he came up to the spot where Judas Priest did stand.
I can't use it anymore.
Then he destroyed a bomb factory, he--nobody was glad.
That some people rob you with a fountain pen.
And, as long as it does, I'll just sit here and watch the river flow.
Funny way to start a picnic.
Went into the valley of dry-bone dreams.
You know, I loved her just the same.
I don't know any more than this.
I might need a good lawyer, could be your funeral, my trial.
No, there's nothing that I wouldn't do to make you feel my love.
All he believes are his eyes and his eyes, they just tell him lies.
It can't be this way everywhere.
A messenger sent me in a tropical storm.
The one was Texas medicine. The other was just railroad gin.
Please don't let on that you knew me when I was hungry and it was your world.
Well, I'm trying to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you.
I'm leaving tomorrow, but I could leave today.
You were always so close and still within reach.
To anything I might've tried.
Knock--knock--knocking on heaven's door.
And your long-time curse hurts, but what's worse is this pain in here.
99, 100, 101, 102, your ma won't even recognize you.
But to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death.
No, nothing ever would, except maybe the jack of hearts.
Lead you to the land of forbidden fruits.
In bed with nobody, under no one's command.
And he went and did the Cat instead.
His voice was low with pain.
"What time is it?" said the judge to Joey when they met.
Just remind me to show you the scars.
Six by six they were playing with tricks.
I went into a restaurant looking for the cook.
It's just the old American way.
But right now I'll just sit here so contentedly and watch the river flow.
The lieutenant, he has gone, long gone.
I can hear that whistle blowing.
Saviors are fast asleep, wait for you.
Blowing like it's gon' kill me dead.
I just want you to know I can see through your masks.
But, as long as I love you, I'm not free.
Jesus gonna make up my dying bed.
He looked to me to be the eyes of age as he spoke right out.
I am a lonesome hobo without family or friends.
I didn't go to sleep last night.
Please don't let on that you knew me when I was a-hungry and it was your world.
My burden is heavy, my dreams are beyond control.
I can hear that lonesome whistle blowing.
Honey, 'cause the world's gone wrong.
When your foot of pride come down, ain't no going back.
Well, the real truth is that I may be afraid to find it.
Then, go, my lovely Flora, the Lily of the West.
Is just equality in school.
Honey, just allow me one more chance to ride your aeroplane.
But, baby, please stop crying--it's tearing up my mind.
Yeah, I tell myself something's coming, but it never does.
There she goes, my friend, she's a-rolling down at last.
You'd be honest with me if you only knew.
Did so many things I never did intend to do.
Tell 'em all that Tiny's gonna say hello.
Ah, but you were right, it was perfect as I got in behind the wheel.
You don't understand it, my feeling for you.
People are expecting a false peace to come.
I'll flip the channel to number four.
There ain't nothing in the world that I wouldn't do.
Wiggle till it bites, wiggle till it cuts.
All the young men with the young women looking so good.
You can have your cake and eat it, too.
Then that's how--as long as you'll remain.
Stashed 'em away in a basement, called 'em "amateurs".
Walking around with no one else.
It's nothing - it's something I learned over in England.
Everybody's gone but me and you and I can't be the last to leave.
Being sacrificed to it while lullabies are being sung.
For to go off to sea with him like she did not know how.
Silver hair, ragged shirt, and baggy pants, that old soft shoe.
I come in like a ton of bricks, laid a few tricks on 'em.
Cursing the dead that can't answer him back.
In this concrete world full of souls.
But with the cold eyes of Judas on him his head began to spin.
Blame it on a simple twist of fate.
God knows you ain't gonna be taking nothing with you when you go.
She passed the door where the Greek had locked where a handwritten sign read a-"Do Not Disturb".
Put in a prison cell, but one time he could've been the champion of the world.
I don't like playing cat-and-mouse.
To tie up the time most forcefully.
When my memory is not so short.
There's nothing 'round here to me that matters, 'cept you, yeah, you.
He'd jump so high, he'd jump so high, then he'd lightly touch down.
I took a chance, got caught in the trance of a downhill dance.
But rather get you down in the hole that he's in.
I was riding on the Mayflower when I thought I spied some land.
I'm wondering if she remembers me at all.
Then said, "Yeah, I think it can be easily done.
You find out you can always lose a little more.
They're all gonna take on down by the bounded bank.
Join the army if you fail.
You prayed to the Lord above, oh, please send you a friend.
No martyr is among ye now whom you can call your own.
The way you walk and the way you talk is the way it oughtta be.
With a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.
From my toes up to my ears.
But you must realize first I'm not another man you can hire.
Oh, got my mind made up.
High police get Stack-A-Lee and a-he jumped forty feet.
But I never yet found Fennario.
Every link was Jesus's name.
Oh, but I don't know how much longer I can wait.
'Cause there's not many men that done the things that you've done.
We're idiots, babe, it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves.
He not a-busy being born is a-busy dying.
They know the secrets of the breeze.
Standing at the side road, listening to the billboard knock.
It curls and falls all down her breast.
You know sometimes Satan'll come as a man of peace.
She's a man-eater, meat-grinder, bad loser.
This is from the Mojave Desert.
I got a woman in Jackson - I ain't gonna say her name.
But deep inside my heart I know I can't escape.
I'm down on my knees and I ain't got a dime.
The last radio is playing.
Proud 'neath heated brow.
And they were both out on Highway 61.
Been treated like a farm animal on a wild-goose chase.
Say you got some other--other kind of lover and, yes, I believe you do.
When everything I'm saying you can say it just as good.
But he dressed like Jimmy Cagney and I swear he did look great.
In the record-breaking heat where we were born in time.
You went out on a limb to testify for me, you said I was with you.
But my soulful mama, you know, she keeps me hid.
They've been there since Christmas morn.
They let him raise the flag there and lower it like you'd throw a dog a bone.
Remind him of what he used to be when he comes walking through.
I was betrayed by Flora, the Lily of the West.
I'm lost in the haze of your delicate ways with both eyes glazed.
You'll understand I'm only a man doing the best that I can.
They never did like mama's homemade dress, papa's bankbook wasn't big enough.
You got a heart of stone.
But I don't know what "alright" even means.
For the bitter taste still lingers on from the night I tried to make her stay.
He went down to Oxford Town.
I'll shoot those tyrants one and all, I'll gun the floggers down.
I hope you're ready.
Well, I feel just like that rooster, honey, you treat me so unkind.
I always kinda wondered if you ever made it through.
Every time I come into your door, you leave me standing in the middle of the air.
You to give your check to tax-deductible charity organizations.
They'll stone you when you're playing your guitar.
No one ever knew for sure where they were really at.
You taught me how to love and now you say that we are through.
"I never knew it was gonna be this way.
People bending broken rules.
I said, "Where we going?" He said we'd be back by the fourth.
Well, I've been up all night leaning on the windowsill.
If you need somebody you can trust, trust yourself.
Check to see that no one is escaping Desolation Row.
My baby stole my heart from me.
Paid one hundred dollars for Albert's new suite of clothes.
Remember before you come, at least please first telephone.
He's buried somewheres in Louisiana-O.
And it's been the ruin of many a poor girl - and me - oh, God! - I'm a one.
Never did get any Golden Globe Award, never made it to Synanon.
At the end of the trail.
Wherever the children go, I'll follow them.
And split up on a dark, sad night, both agreeing it was best.
There's this book coming out and they asked me to write, uh, something about Woody, uh, sort of like, "What does Woody Guthrie mean to you in 25 words?" And, uh, I couldn't do it, I wrote out five pages. And, uh, I have it here-it's, uh-have it here by accident, actually. Ha, but, but, uh, I'd-I'd like to say this out loud, so, uh, if you could sorta roll along with this thing here, this is called "Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie".
I've been living the blues every night without you.
You remember only 'bout the brass ring, you're forgetting all about the golden rule.
Anyway, I put money on him to win.
There stood Rita, looking just like Tony Perkins.
She could be respectably married or running a whorehouse in Buenos Aires.
But I forgot more than you'll ever know about her.
Lord, I ain't going down to no racetrack see no sports car run.
But we just like to see a fight.
With a crashing, but meaningless blow.
If you'll only let your hair hang low.
It's a hard rain's a-gonna fall.
I hate bears.
For you don't count the dead when God's on your side.
Oh, but what a shame! if all we've shared can't last.
And wait for succeeding kings.
Figuring a way to get back home.
Your cracked country lips I still wish to kiss as to be by the strength of your skin.
You looked a little burned out, my friend, I thought it might be up to me.
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlight stream.
And, you know, it blows right through me like a ball and chain.
If you're a doctor, I need a shot of love.
Most of the time I can keep both feet on the ground.
Everything is gonna be alright.
The sooner you can go.
No one really knew for sure wherever they were at.
Will no--not make you envious, won't make you suspicious.
He was never known to make a foolish move.
I'd be lost if not for you.
Or pick it up after he throws it.
And you'll see you look much better with me than you do with him.
Every street is crooked, they just wind around until they disappear.
Johnny can't come home, Johnny can't come home.
And I never saved a dollar in the pay of Diamond Joe.
Friends with you.
Night or day, it doesn't matter where I go anymore, I just go.
Ain't gonna hang no picture, ain't gonna hang no picture-frame.
Farewell, Angelina, the sky's flooding over and I must go where it is dry.
You can say I was on anything but a roll.
Believe me, ain't no lie.
I swear it's bound to get me killed.
When she's better only time'll tell.
As I am one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
And guarded them as they fell.
But there was a pressure on me too, you know.
I once loved a girl. Her skin, it was bronze.
In the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face.
Joking and talking about the world outside.
Give me spots on my apples, but leave me the birds and the bees please.
Again she comes down the thruway ready to sew me up with the thread.
Don't think I'm leaving you here without a kiss goodbye.
Trouble, trouble, trouble, nothing but trouble.
You must pick one or the other though neither of them are to be what they claim.
But he never did like to talk about it all that much.
But you got to watch her closely 'cause she ain't no woman, she's a man.
But farewell, Angelina, the sky is erupting and I must go where it is quiet.
TV crew was there to film it, they jumped right over me.
Keeping one step ahead from the persecutor within.
Yes, I received your letter yesterday 'bout the time that the door knob broke.
But the good road is a-waiting and, boys, it ain't far off.
She's the one you been wondering about, but there's a-really nothing much to tell.
I'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world.
He's riding down in Texas with the rodeo.
That I never really meant to do you any harm.
They overtook me down in Jericho.
Any day now, any day now, I shall be released.
Or define you or confine you.
Honey, because the world gone wrong.
Good car to drive, after a war.
You told yourself a lie, that's alright, mama, I told myself one too.
Honey, baby.
The petals pink and white the wind has blown.
I wish someone'd come and push back the clock for me.
But I was just too stubborn to ever be governed by enforced insanity.
All my connections too.
Said I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
"How far are you all going?" Ruby asked us with a sigh.
I'm looking for a woman with a head mixed up like mine.
And it seems like I want to travel on.
There's a crash on the levee and, mama, you been refused.
"Way down yonder in the hollow tree." Uh-huh.
Yes, I'm one too many mornings and a thousand miles behind.
"Well met, well met," cried she.
One day you'll open up your eyes and you'll see where we are.
I watch them till they're gone and they leave me hanging on to the shadow.
They don't make nothing here no more.
Could never do you justice in reason or rhyme.
You say I let you down, you know it's not like that.
And then you ache just like a woman, but you break just like a little girl.
Is tearing up your mind.
That's really and truly an American.
You say you love me and you're thinking of me, but you know you could be wrong.
I once held her in my arms.
Baby, two feet from the well.
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it, it's making me feel so sad.
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more.
And I've a-never been too impressed.
"Yes, I guess so," said ma, then she asked me if the clothes were still wet.
But it will be back here tomorrow the same old time again.
My children will go as soon as they grow.
It doesn't matter inside the gates of Eden.
That it is not he or she or them or it that you belong to.
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it, pretending that you're so smart.
About a man riding 'cross the desert and it starred Gregory Peck.
I'll be your baby tonight.
Sound like it's on a final run.
Shotgun fired and away I ran.
As the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway on Black Diamond Bay.
Hope you're ready.
A real suicide case, but there was nothing I could do to stop it.
He gone north for a while.
Kick your shoes off, do not fear.
Only a matter of time till night comes stepping in.
The stores one by one, they're folding.
Seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of you.
But a-you wouldn't know it by me, every day's been darkness since you been gone.
So she bargained with the sailor boy all for a piece of gold.
The summer is gone, the ground's turning cold.
Now, the bricks lay on Grand Street, where the neon madmen climb.
I can tell you are torn between staying and returning back to the South.
While all the women came and went, barefoot servants too.
It's called the land of permanent bliss.
We forgave the Germans and then we were friends.
Well, in my time of dying, don't want nobody to mourn.
To do anything they wish to do, but die.
If I walk too much farther, my crane's gonna leak.
He's got his mother's eyes.
Good intentions can be evil, both hands can be full of grease.
You have slayed me, you have made me.
Gonna serve somebody.
If I had my way, I'd sell it right back.
I got my dark sunglasses, I got for good luck my black tooth.
Your son is coming back from the war.
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still can even breathe.
Mary wore three links of chain.
Somebody just asked me if I've registered to vote.
Picking up the cherries falling off the plate.
My old man, he's like some feudal lord, got more lives than a cat.
They're making a voyage to the sun.
But then they took him to the jailhouse, where they try to turn a man into a mouse.
Gal, you're on my mind.
The branches bare like a banjo moaned to the winds that listened the best.
I'm thinking of you and all the places we could roam together.
Handing out free tickets to the wedding of his son.
And a little wee drummer intending to camp for a day being pleasant and charming.
That son-of-a-bitch is brave and getting braver.
In fond memory appear.
Well, that mockingbird's gonna sail away - we're gonna forget it.
Something there is about you that I can't quite put my finger on.
Ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
To break a trusting heart like mine was just your style.
I dreamt I was walking in World War III.
Come on, sit by the logs in the fire.
I believe I'm fixing to die, fixing to die.
'Cause I don't think about it.
I can't provide for you no easy answers.
Who always was too proud to beg.
Her profession is her religion, her sin is her lifelessness.
Honey, just allow me one more chance to get along with you.
And I've never been too impressed.
Wiggle till it answers, wiggle till it comes.
I know it looks like I'm moving, but I'm standing still.
Somebody's got to find your trail, I guess it's gonna be up to me.
When my working day's through.
But I'll just sit down on this bank of sand and watch the river flow.
Never wanted to go home till the last cent was lost.
Just the holy son of man I'll never understand.
Don't know how it looked to other people, I never slept with her even once.
And ye shall be a-changed.
Lay your hand upon my head.
And like Goliath they'll be conquered.
He feeds off of everyone that a-he can touch.
All the bombardiers're trying to force her outta town.
Maybe in the next life I'll be able to hear myself think.
So I'm going to unpack all my things and sit before it gets too late.
Paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.
I had to rearrange their faces and give them all another name.
I didn't feel so cold then.
You know, that's a lotta money to her.
Now I can't go back to what was, baby, I can't unring the bell.
Use your hands and legs, it won't ruin you.
There were six thousand people there.
He ate Burger Kings, he was well fed.
The air is so cold outside and the snow's so deep.
On the fifth day of May in the drizzling rain.
Valentines can't buy her.
I know every scene by heart, they all went by so fast.
And the newspapers, they all went along for the ride.
He knows just where to touch you, honey, and how you like to be kissed.
Sara, Sara, radiant jewel, a mystical wife.
I would've gone deeper, but there wasn't any need.
So, I hocked my sailor suit and I got a coin to flip.
But you'd better take your diamond ring down and pawn it, babe.
It hurts me all over, it doesn't seem right.
She tried to dance, but she didn't know how, uh-huh.
Lord, I'm a-going where I never been before.
Lot of things can get in the way when you're trying to do what's right.
The rats have got your flour, bad blood, it got your mare.
Just what you're gonna say when you get home.
The townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck.
Talking to myself in a monologue.
It sure is right on a night like this.
Any minute now I'm expecting all hell to break loose.
Got what it takes just to make you hurt.
Of the two sisters, I loved the young.
One hand is tied to the tight-rope walker, the other is in his pants.
He stayed behind the assembly hall. It was there he made his bed.
When I leave New York, I'll be standing on my feet.
She used to love me, but she don't no more.
Baby, baby...
While you're doing it, keep that juice to yourself.
One day the little boy and little girl were baked in a pie.
You're a big girl all the way.
"I think I'll call it America," I said as we hit land.
I'd be lost if not for you and you know it's true.
Feeling like a stranger nobody sees.
Most of the time I know exactly where it all went.
Most of the time I'm strong enough not to hate.
So impossible to even learn the tune.
As the last ship sails and the moon fades away from Black Diamond Bay.
With the golden loom.
Well, you probably don't know me at all, but I've seen your laughter and I've seen your tears.
With the heat rising in my eyes.
Old, young, age don't carry weight, it doesn't matter in the end.
But even the president of the United States sometimes must have to stand naked.
I fought it full without regret or shame.
That something for nothing is everybody's plan.
Back-alley Sally's doing the American jump.
You shouldn't take it so personal.
You're gonna make me give myself a good talking-to.
Looking for a new friend.
Take it on in in a bowl-cup.
Well, I took me a woman late last night.
Now, your dancing child with his Chinese suit, he spoke to me, I took his flute.
My feet are so tired, my brain is so wired, and the clouds are weeping.
And fades away like some morning dew.
It's hard times, from the country, living down in New York town.
Oh, how can I explain? It's so hard to get on.
Flows outta their bodies and is buried in the mud.
Thank y'all.
And, in a matter of minutes, on bail was out walking.
Goodnight, my love, may the lord have mercy on us all.
And the girl with me behind the shades, she ain't my property.
And it's all over now, Baby Blue.
My heart's in the Highlands, can't see any other way to go.
If you want somebody you can trust, trust yourself.
Won't let go and I can't let go no more.
For, when you pull that dead man's hand, your gambling days are up.
Come on, give it to me, I'll keep it with mine.
Eating that obsolete garbage while being so discreet.
I looked for a cow and I saw me a few.
You in a marketplace in Savanna-la-Mar.
Throw my suitcase out there too.
I believe I'm fixing to die.
For your times, they are a-changing.
Took an untrodden path once where the swift don't win the race.
Dollar a day's worth.
You left me standing out in the cold.
Say anything you wanna, I have heard it all.
Things should start to get interesting right about now.
I'd lie in my bed once again.
It's indescribable, it can drive you to drink.
You might say that I'm young, you might say I'm unlearned.
You're invisible, you've got no secrets to conceal.
He had a steady job and a pretty face and everything seemed to fit.
He said his name was Columbus. I just said "Good luck".
I just walk and watch you talk with your memory on my mind.
Ring them bells so the world will know that-a God is one.
That's where I'll be when I get called home.
That hype you and type you and making you feel that you gotta be just like them.
Smoking a cheap cigar.
I was sleeping like a rat when I heard something jerking.
Into the narrow lanes, I can't stumble or stay put.
Guess I owe You some kind of apology.
He said, "I guess you're tired." He said it kinda sly.
That Duquesne train gon' rock me night and day.
And she steals your voice and leaves you screaming at the moon.
And ask me to open up the gate for you.
Can't live for today when all you're thinking of-a is tomorrow.
The National Guard stands around the door.
Gun went off a-rootie-toot-toot and Albert fell on the floor.
In order to deal in this game, got to make the queen disappear.
But you're gonna have to serve somebody.
Lenny Bruce is gone, but his spirit's living on and on.
Lord, Lord, I'm bound to die trying.
Took sickness and disease and he turned it into health.
Up and down the lonesome town.
If you just once drive me outta my mind.
And you-you took me in, you loved me then, you never wasted time.
Well, it looks like I'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.
Go to him now, he calls you and you can't refuse.
'Twas a-then that I knew what he had on his mind.
They say "Sing!" while you slave and I just get bored.
Well, Judas, he just winked and said, "Alright, I'll leave you here.
Wrapped up with Blackjack Davey.
Leaving no one to pick up the trail.
I've still got the scars that the sun did not heal.
I gagged in contradiction, tears blinding my sight.
No more auction block for me, many thousand gone.
And a pathway that leads up to the stars.
There's seven breezes blowing all around the cabin door.
Won't fall upon them naturally, life sometimes must get lonely.
The same as my father before him.
And the pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles.
But I ain't neither one.
I wish she'd tell me what it is, I'll run and hide.
To buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh.
I and I, in creation where one's nature neither honors, nor forgives.
For her parasite sister I had no respect.
Just do your thing, you'll be king if dogs run free.
You got my attention, now go 'head, speak.
The stars above the barren trees was his only audience.
Got to have done some evil deed.
I can smell something cooking, I can tell there's going to be a feast.
Can get me a woman quick as you can get a man.
When I run outta things to investigate.
I see the shadow of a man, baby, making you blue.
And I'll go last.
Fixing to die, fixing to die.
Remember me to one who lives there.
By the jealousy of others around her.
I always thought that he was well.
And, though this man could hardly see, they told him he could identify the guilty men.
But I had to sit in back of the tub.
Your eyes fix on the shotgun that you're holding in your hand.
She's wearing a multi-thousand dollar gown.
Not unless you mail them from Desolation Row.
Got a head full of ideas driving me insane.
Seems sick and it's hungry, it's tired and it's torn.
'Bout having to be scrounging for your next meal.
I shot my Albert dead and now I'm going to hell.
Where I was born and partly raised.
And the answer that she gave to him, it so did me oppress.
Billy Lyons and Stack-A-Lee had one terrible fight.
Whoever it is, I wish they'd cut it out quick, but when they will I can only guess.
Well, by the dirt 'neath my nails I guess he knew I wouldn't lie.
I can't fight them anymore.
What look large from a distance close up is never that big.
And, if whiskey don't kill me, then, I don't know what will.
At one time, there was nothing wrong with me that you could not fix.
That even Jesus would never forgive what you do.
Looking for them Reds everywhere.
Sometimes somebody wants you to give something up and, tears or not, it's too much to ask.
I got a bird that sings.
That, if God's on our side, He'll stop the next war.
I couldn't see when it started snowing.
Is a southbound whistle on a southbound train.
His voice, it trembles as he calls out for another plate of food.
Oh, something's telling me I wear the ball and chain.
He screamed a bit and away he flew.
Far from the twisted reach of crazy sorrow.
You came in like a wind, like Errol Flynn, you changed my life.
"This body you may imprison, my heart you can't confine.
When he's got a hungry mouth to feed.
Later on that evening I watched it on TV.
I'm having a hard time believing some people were ever alive.
Father who turneth the rivers and streams.
Like you never done before.
Now, I'm all used up and the fields've turned brown.
They just do what's most convenient, then they repent.
Puts bubblegum in my food.
Well, I had to move fast and I couldn't with you around my neck.
Delia's in the graveyard, she might never, never get up.
I've made shoes for everyone - even you - while I still go barefoot.
And if I don't make it, you know my baby will.
I give her my heart, but she wanted my soul.
Leading me, going home.
I fell asleep for to take my rest.
Throw my ticket out the window.
Pack up your suitcase, mama, don't you make a sound.
They're all gonna be there at that million dollar bash.
Were finally delivered down to the penitentiary.
And nobody has to think too much about Desolation Row.
It runs both cold and deep.
When the jelly-faced women all sneeze.
She knows that she's not afraid to look at her.
Sara, oh, Sara, you must forgive me my unworthiness.
'Neath her Panamanian moon.
That I just don't fit? Yes, I believe it's time for us to quit.
I know plenty of people put me up for a day or two.
But she breaks a-just like a little girl.
Supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in.
Go to the ends of the earth for you to make you feel my love.
The man, he left a diamond flush, Willie didn't even have a pair.
But he drinks and drinks can be fixed.
I'm gon' remember forever the joy we've shared.
That you're just doing what you're supposed to do.
Looks at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief.
Rain would gather too.
Anita Ekberg, Sophia Loren.
Their minds are filled with false ideas, images, and distorted facts.
Some of these memories you can learn to live with and some of 'em you can't.
'Cause I'm stuck here on the ground, cold and drunk as I might be.
They all fall there so perfectly - it all seems so well-timed.
Got nothing here to live or die for, except you, yeah, you.
Two inches of water in a lonely ditch was the grave for Ira Hayes.
Now they wanna grow it on the moon and eat it raw.
Just gotta pick myself up off the floor.
Someone's watching over you.
Wear a long dress fire-engine red.
I love you more than ever and it burns me to the soul.
I first heard this from Rick von Schmidt. He lives in Cambridge. Rick's a blues guitar player. I met him one day in the green pastures of Harvard University.
But it's alright, ma, if I can't please him.
It ain't quite the end.
They say times are hard, if you don't believe it, you can just follow your nose.
It's unbelievable the day would finally come.
Yes, for telling all those lies.
And that's gonna set her on her own every day.
But you're back where you belong.
Not as tight as the corner that I painted myself in.
Her name that she had was Pretty Peggy-O.
Oh, Angelina.
Sure was a good idea till greed got in the way.
But her heart is like an ocean, so mysterious and dark.
She's a hypnotist collector, you are a walking antique.
They'd probably put my head in a guillotine.
She ain't hearing a thing, silence is a-sticking her deep.
And, if things don't change soon, he will.
As if a wedding vow.
Well, if I fall down dying, you know, she bound to put a blanket on my bed.
This kind of love, I'm so sick of it.
She should still be there sleeping when I get back.
And old Minu--Mister--et paid for his dream.
I been in this thing too long.
Don't be angry--don't be angry with me should I cry.
Stripped of all virtue as you crawl through the dirt, you can give but you cannot receive.
When something he doesn't know about suddenly appears.
I pounded on a farmhouse looking for a place to stay.
That just struck me kinda funny.
As she takes your voice and leaves you howling at the moon.
Which led me to my fatal doom, to wander off in shame.
I won't come here no more if it bothers you.
And the Santa Fe.
Delia's in the graveyard, boys, six feet outta sight.
But she just reminded me you were the one.
Rolling through the rain and hail, looking for the sunny side of love.
I'll give it to him right away, then I hung my head in shame.
Well, there's fistfights in the kitchen, they're enough to make me cry.
Said I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.
Alright, that's straight from Chicago.
Or I'm bound to die trying.
Writes me letters, and sends me checks.
Mine alone.
'Neath the rose bush.
It was supposed to last a season, but it's been so strong for so long.
And the sails are spread.
About having to be scrounging your next meal.
Tree trunks uprooted 'neath the high crescent moon.
Who don't how to do you wrong.
I ain't saying you treated me unkind.
I was told I was looking good and to have a nice day.
I'd ask him what the matter was, but I know that he don't talk.
You always got more than enough rope.
Not this time, baby, no more of this.
Baby, outside of your graveyard lips.
It's so sweet of you to be so nice to me.
In the brightness of my day.
You know, we made a vow not to leave one another, never.
She can take the dark out of the nighttime and paint the daytime black.
In the summertime when you were with me.
Writing "Sad-Eyed Lady of the Lowlands" for you.
It was the best acting I saw anybody do.
Well, I rapped upon a house with the U.S. flag upon display.
Crystal wanted to talk to him, I had to look the other way.
'Bout the shape that he's in.
Is what this thing here is for.
If you don't a-wanna be a brokenhearted lover.
I ain't hauling any of my lambs to the marketplace anymore.
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot.
He wanted money up front, he said he'd been abused by dignity.
I helped her out of a jam, I guess, but I used a little too much force.
I offered her my hand, she took me by the arm.
And, anyway, I'm not alone.
The words that her lover had said.
Well, the long winter's wait from the window I watched.
Yes, I received your letter yesterday about the time the door-knob broke.
About an old man that never done wrong.
That keep us so tightly bound.
And ordered him to do the Dog.
But all his sexless patients, they're trying to blow it up.
I must be guilty of something, you just whisper it into my ear.
In fourteen months I've only smiled once and I didn't do it consciously.
Yes, I cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry a while.
I never can remember anything that you've said.
Someday maybe I'll remember to forget.
Who looked so fine at first, but left looking just like a ghost.
She spends her time peeking into Desolation Row.
Waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun.
Yes, this woman I've got, she's killing me alive.
Few things you find are worthwhile.
The could-be dream lover of my lifetime.
And, as she was letting go her grip, up Tom Paine did run.
Alright, once again, it's that time of the hour we have to run.
I stood wondering which way to go.
So don't think twice, it's alright.
And you're the best thing that he's ever seen.
While the law looks the other way.
I left my dreams on the riverbed.
They both rode off together.
And, even if the flesh falls off of my face, I know someone will be there to care.
All inside the walls, the walls of Red Wing.
One more weekend, one more weekend'll do.
You won't get it for money.
You find out now you're gonna have to get used to it.
And it is time for me to slide.
And bid farewell and not give a damn.
It was January the thirtieth and everybody was feeling fine.
With his wife and five children and his cabin broken down.
Yes, you gonna have to find yourself another best friend somehow.
And they made a killer outta him is what they did.
There's nothing I'm wishing to be owning.
That there never was a rounder that could lie like Diamond Joe.
And we'll leave this old highway behind.
Only game he could play was Russian roulette.
That we could sit simply in that room again.
He's a weird monkey, very funky.
And it seems like I've a-gotta travel on.
If you just let me come home with you.
Check to see that nobody is escaping to Desolation Row.
I want you.
Well, there's too many people and they're all too hard to please.
In one of them coffeehouses on the block.
Sons becoming husbands to their mothers, old men turning young daughters into whores.
You know, you made a vow not to leave one another, never.
At the sorority sisters' home.
Is just looking for a needle that's lost in the sand.
You better talk to her about it, you're her lover now.
Yes, I've been up all night, baby, leaning on the windowsill.
You could ride like Annie Oakley, you could shoot like Belle Starr.
She did whatever she had to do, she had that certain flash every time she smiled.
Take care of yourself, get plenty rest.
Come, baby, teach me, come, baby, reach me, let the music start.
I've only got me one good shirt left and it smells of stale perfume.
And you turn and run farther when the fast bullets a-fly.
Everybody wants to make a long distance call, but, you know, they're just gonna have to wait.
Yes, I'd pour a drink for you, my dear Mary Ann.
You'd better do something quick, she's your lover now.
Please don't fade away on me, baby, like the midnight train.
He talked of life, he talked of life, laughed and slapped his leg a step.
And the answer is blowing in the wind.
You can have the truth, but you got to choose it.
Ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.
Be only trouble for you if-a you let her in.
I don't even know why we come.
Here's a song about marriage. This is called "Isis". This is for a man if he's still here.
Lord, protect my child.
Yes, march me away to the station, I'm off to some far, distant land.
That's a lot of territory indeed.
The engine gave a crack and the whistle gave a squall.
I always said you'd be sorry and today could be the day.
As the sun went down and the music did play on Black Diamond Bay.
You're drifting too far from shore.
I always have respected her for doing what she did and getting free.
We were the wrong side.
Thank you, you're so very kind, you really are. We will play you this song - I wrote this also about fifteen years ago, it still means a lot to me, I know it means a lot to you, too.
Well, my heart's in the Highlands, I can only get there one step at a time.
They gave it to somebody down in El Salvador.
So he packed his glove and took his arm and one day he just ran away.
The man you were loving could never get clean.
Don't say I never warned you when your train gets lost.
In a world that's been raped, raped and defiled.
Look out your window and I'll be gone.
Just another holy man who dared to make a stand.
Now I believe what the Bible told.
His dog up and died, he up and died, and after twenty years he still grieves.
I'll lead you there myself at the break of day.
Got to do unto others like you'd have them--like you'd have them do unto you.
I been in trouble ever since I set my suitcase down.
I've made shoes for everyone -- even you -- while I still go barefoot.
You got it, baby.
There ain't nothing wrong in that.
And your flashing diamond teeth.
Each one of 'em got a fireproof floor.
And, when bringing her name up, he speaks of her farewell kiss to me.
I'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind.
Though you just thought that it was nothing more than a place for you to stand.
To some righteous king who wrote psalms beside moonlit streams.
Don't trust me to show you beauty when beauty may only turn to rust.
Billy, they don't like you to be so free.
In the dark land of the sun.
If everything is as hollow as it seems.
With disaster you somehow managed to escape.
'Steada acting like we never met.
Then the mailman comes in - even he's gotta take a side.
You ain't gonna cross the line, I guess it must be up to me.
It was you who understood.
Are being stolen by bandits, I must follow the sound.
Well, he hands you a nickel, he hands you a dime.
I'll bid farewell and be down the line.
You say you're shaking and you're always aching, but you know how hard you try.
Tapping [incomprehensible], tapping across your floor.
They took him to the hospital and they brought him upstairs.
Trouble...
Baby, I'm under your spell.
In hunger and need you made my heart bleed, you changed my life.
And disregards the rest.
She's funny, wants my money, calls me "honey".
She might think that I've forgotten her - don't tell her, it isn't so.
Thirty pieces of silver, no money down.
Where another man's life might begin, that's exactly where mine ends.
Give you an inch and you'll take a mile.
But there's a slow - yeah, there's a slow - there's a slow train coming.
We can start it all over, get it back on the track.
Well, I lean into your hallway, lean against your velvet door.
Now, don't make me play this waiting-game.
Let me die on this land 'fore I die underground.
They can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue.
I can't see through it anymore.
And rivers that ran through every day.
Happen for days, didn't know your name.
He grabbed his pants for a better stance, oh, he jumped so high and clicked up his heels.
They placed me in the witness box and then commenced on me.
Let hot iron blow as you raise the shade.
I can't help it if I'm lucky.
There's a man who swears he's not to blame.
Blowing like she's blowing right on time.
You can't roll away the stone if your hands are tied.
Whose visions in the final end must shatter like the glass.
I'm gonna take a trip on the big McMillan.
If you don't wanna have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow.
With twenty pounds of headlines stapled to his chest.
Always kinda wondered if you ever made it through.
He's running for office on the ballot note.
His enemies say he's on their land.
Happiness can come suddenly and leave just as quick.
With no doors or windows, so no thieves can break in.
Do what they do just to be nothing more than something they invest in.
At my window with a broken wing.
Meantime, life outside goes on all around you.
"It's my work," he'd say, "and I do it for the pay.
I'm pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord.
You're the kinda woman drives a man insane.
If you throw it all away.
It was a normal day.
If I never no more return to you, Mary Ann.
I got nothing left to burn.
You must pick up one or the other, neither of them are to be what they claim.
Got to do unto others like you'd have them--said like you'd have them do unto you.
When you go your way and I go mine.
Even the softest touch.
But I guess that's better left unsaid.
And I will always be emotionally yours.
And time is running backwards and so is the bride.
Veronica's not here, Mavis just ain't right.
Never had to be faithful, I never wanted you to grieve.
Then they bury you from your head to your feet from the disease of conceit.
Just like you I'm wondering what's going on.
You make me so mad I tell you to stop.
Your temperature is too hot for taming.
The water smooth ran like a hymn and like a harp did hum.
You're an idiot, babe, it's a wonder that you still know how to breathe.
So I waited all night till the break of day, hoping one of us could get free.
And say you'll always let it be me.
Honey, I want you.
God knows the secrets of your heart, He'll tell them to you when you're asleep.
Is gonna be against the law.
We made a vow not to leave one another, never.
The pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles.
Putting her in a wheel-barrow and wheeling her down the street.
Talking too many people, drinking too many kegs.
Don't know how much more of this I can take.
Go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse.
She's a junkyard angel and she always gives me bread.
You're not even sure 'bout your wife and kids no more.
And they're going out like a dinosaur.
I went back in the house and mama met me and then I shut all the doors.
Well, I've been looking all over for a girl like you.
Looked in the glove compartment of my car.
Odeleyee-hoo-hoo-hoo.
I'll show them to you and you'll see them shine.
The way you walk and the way you talk - I feel I could almost sing.
Like Cain I now behold this chain of events that I must break.
The strongest wall will crumble and fall to a mighty god.
They'll kick you when you're up and knock you when you're down.
Guess it's too late to say the things to you that you needed to hear me say.
God knows there's gonna be no more water but fire next time.
Gone as the season she's taken.
And nailing her in the ruins of her pettiness.
Billy, you're so far away from home.
Standing on your window, honey - yes, I've been here before.
You know, it's funny how things never turn out the way you had 'em planned.
I got nothing, ma, to live up to.
You don't have to worry any more.
Don't trust me to show you love when my love may be only lust.
The law of the jungle and the sea are your only teachers.
Steal a lot and they make you king.
I got troubles, I think maybe you got troubles, I think maybe we'd better leave each other alone.
Oh, Jokerman, you don't show any response.
That he not busy being born is a-busy dying.
And, every time I pass that way, I always hear my name.
Could be the Fuhrer, could be the local priest.
Bid farewell forever.
It would go up against every rule.
Saying, "We'll tie her hands and feet, my boys, overboard, we'll throw her.
Mama, you are on my mind.
They farmed the Phoenix Valley in Arizona-land.
Sing "Amazing Grace" all the way to the Swiss banks.
She was tired of the attention, tired of playing the role of Big Jim's wife.
Keeping away from the women, I'm giving 'em a-lots of room.
You'd better get that in your head.
The bottom of the barrel is too.
So can a woman who passes herself off as a male.
They asked me for some collateral and I pulled down my pants.
I haven't tasted peace and quiet for so long it seems like living hell.
With an iron chain around his neck.
'Cause the times, they are a-changing.
I just ain't - can't face to tell 'em, honey, you just went away.
But, yes, I think it can be very easily done.
And there's no use in trying to deal with the dying, though I cannot explain that in lines.
That linger in the fireball heat.
Take a woman like your kind to find the man in me.
He was only a hobo, but one more is gone.
Oh, her darling love she found.
Let me die in my footsteps before I go down under the ground.
Just for a second there I thought I saw something move.
Mama, you're just on my mind.
A pay-phone was ringing, it just about blew my mind.
Maybe, then, you'll realize what it would've taken to keep me cool.
The timeless explosion of fantasy's dream.
"I beg you, sir," she pleaded from the corners of her mouth.
While the wind blows high above the tree.
But lately I see her ribbons and her bow have fallen from her curls.
Yes, I guess I loved him too, I can still see him in my mind climbing that hill.
Your old road's rapidly aging.
These memories I got, they can strangle a man.
Is Cinderella sweeping up on Desolation Row.
I helped you when you had no food to eat.
Then I rode back to find Isis just to tell her I love her.
"I don't call it anything," said Frankie Lee with a smile.
And she makes love just like a woman, and she breaks just like a little girl.
Love is all there is, it makes the world go 'round.
And old Mr. Rockefeller never says a word.
Love to spend the day with Peggy Night.
Swords piercing your side, blood and water flowing through the land.
We're all boxed in, nowhere to escape.
About the greatest gambler, you all should know him well.
It's done with a flick of the wrist.
They wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed.
Throwing all my memories in a ditch so deep.
My face you'll never see no more.
And wait for you to come and grab hold of my hand.
This kind of love, I-I'm lovesick.
If you go down in the flood, it's gonna be your fault.
He fought a war on a battlefield where every victory hurts.
Hmm, tell me.
I wouldn't let him do it for all the farms in Cuba.
Oh, oh, oh, Jokerman.
They've done a lot of research on it, but what it is they're still not sure.
Foundationed deep somehow.
Two men died 'neath the Mississippi moon.
And at home nobody cared what Ira done and the wind did the Indians' dance.
God knows we can get all the way from here to there if we've gotta walk a million miles by candlelight.
Blues wrapped around my head.
Your voice was all that I heard.
Sorry, that's a-nothing you would need to know.
Trying to keep from falling between the cars.
This is called "Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues". This is a fictitious story.
And the car I drive is a Chevrolet.
He got his big, bushy tail dragging all over the ground.
Hanging down from the heavens to the ground.
Well, our captain fell in love with a lady like a dove.
Yeah! going to have some fun.
I trusted you, baby, you can trust me now.
You're bound to fall." You thought they're all kidding you.
The silver saxophones say I should refuse you.
I seen that silver lining that was hanging in the sky.
So many dead-ends, and I'm at the edge of the lake.
It's unbelievable it go down this way.
He made his usual entrance, looking so dandy and so fine.
Her bedroom window, it is made outta bricks.
I just can't beg you anymore.
Out to the country club and the golf course.
Stay, lady, stay, stay with your man awhile.
Without a love of my own.
Just you and me.
Just some old wild shirts and a couple pairs of pants, which nobody really wanted to touch.
Charmed the heart of a lady.
Judge says to the High Sheriff, "I want him dead or alive.
Leave at your own chosen speed.
You can show me a new place to start.
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.
They put me on a train and they sent me back.
Besides, if she wakes up now, she'll just want me to talk.
You can have what's left of me where we were born in time.
Greenwich Village.
I'm just average, common too.
With the sun beating down over the chimney-tops and the one I love so close at hand.
Where men bathed in perfume and practiced the hopes of free speech.
I've followed the river and I got to the sea.
But Mona Lisa musta had the highway blues, you can tell by the way she smiles.
There was me and Danny Lopez, cold eyes, black nights, and then there was Ruth.
I hear them semis rolling too.
Well, the policeman come and he looked around.
And I'll play for Magdalena as we ride.
Her sister and I in a screaming battleground.
Spilling my buttermilk, sweeping it up with a broom.
I won't let you down, I won't let you down, no, I won't.
I'll be back in a minute, you can get it together by then.
Drumming in the morning, in the evening they'll be coming for you.
I'm painting the town, making my last go-round.
My beautiful comrade from the north.
Till there's nothing left to see, till the chains have been shattered and I've been freed.
And she couldn't even recognize his face.
But you were tangled up in blue.
Fixing everybody's troubles - everybody's 'cept mine.
Manipulator of crowds, you're a dream-twister.
The wind knocks my window, the room, it is wet.
Strap yourself to the tree with roots, you ain't going nowhere.
All clean-shaven, all coming in from the cold.
And Louise holds a handful of rain tempting you to defy it.
That you just did what you're supposed to do.
You looked for work and money and you walked a ragged mile.
It's hard times, in the country, living down in New York town.
Man, that girl is out of sight.
Soft as music, light as spring.
But I ain't the judge, you don't have to be nice to me.
Father of love and father of rain.
That Tiny Montgomery's coming down to say hello.
But I ain't got Corrina.
Right up until the break of day let me see you make him smile.
The Germans now too have God on their side.
I never know what the poor girl's gonna do to me next.
He said, "There's a body I'm trying to find.
But I did it for you and all you gave me was a smile.
Up the steps into the nearest bank.
But it's alright, ma, I can make it.
We may not make it through the night.
Memories of what used to be.
When all the people passed, she saw her son at last.
And the silent night will shatter from the sounds inside my mind.
You tried and tried, you made me slide, you left me reeling with this feeling.
Obscenity - who really cares? - propaganda all is phony.
Why should I beg you? You said good-bye.
Want me to fly like an eagle while being chained to the floor.
Who falls in love with wealth itself and turns his back on me.
Is to say I've been hitting some hard traveling too.
Till one day all of his slaves ran free, something inside of him died.
Until I threw it all away.
I know I'm 'round you, but I don't know where.
"Don't trill no news on me.
He's pulling her down and she's clutching onto his long, golden locks.
I found they were all rank strangers to me.
You're bound to fall" - you thought they were all kidding you.
Ooh, pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord.
Takes too much skill, takes too much will, it's too revealing.
You'll shine with diamonds in your wedding gown.
It was all over by a quarter past.
I know not if I sink or swim.
He supported all his children and all their mothers too.
And, every time that he'd get full, he was spoiling for a fight.
I'm going where I never been before.
I can see what everybody in the world is up against.
When out comes a farmer - he musta thought that I was nuts.
We're all gonna meet at that million dollar bash.
Somewheres in this universe there's a place that you can call home.
The vows that we kept are now broken and swept 'neath the bed where we slept.
Well, that woman that I got, man, she does just what she feels.
Welfare Department wouldn't give him no clothes.
But these visions of Johanna, they make it all seem so cruel.
Everybody must get stoned.
And, now, I know you're dissatisfied with your position and your place.
Well, I'm gonna quit this baby-talk now - I guess I should have known.
When everything that I'm saying you could say it just as good.
In the days of old, in the days of gold, in the days of '49.
Who says she knows me well.
I seen a shooting star tonight slip away.
Come out and round up everyone that knows more than they do.
I can't tell my heart that you're no good.
Now, don't be modest, you know who you are and where you been.
Though it's funny, honey: I'm outta touch, don't feel much like a scarecrow today.
To reach of your rattling drums.
But, when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, the pigeons gonna run to him.
And they're waiting for spring to come, smoking down the track.
Dear Landlord, please don't put a price on my soul.
It's my duty to bring you down to the field where the flowers bloom.
I said, "Who's in the fireplace?" And you tell me Santa Claus.
Trust yourself to do what's right and not be second-guessed.
Long distance operator, I believe I'm strangling in this telephone wire.
Stay, lady, stay, stay while the night is still ahead.
And the dust of rumors covers me.
If she was ever with me or if I was ever with her.
Leaving all of love's ashes behind me.
But I would never do you wrong.
Have fallen from her curls.
And your highway's getting filled.
Everything is criticized when you are in need.
You know I want your loving, honey, but you're so hard.
He unleashed His power at an unknown hour that no one knew.
People sleeping in broken beds.
Now somebody's got to show their hand, time is an enemy.
And all I see are dark eyes.
Won't fall upon 'em naturally, life sometimes must get lonely.
I step outside back to the busy street, but nobody's going anywhere.
But I'll be with you when the deal goes down.
Turn you into anything that they want you to be.
You can always come back, but you can't come back all the way.
Yes, you do, you know you do.
Well, they sent for the ambulance and one was sent.
Could you ever be true? I think of you and I wonder.
I was ripping it to shreds when this coast-guard boat went past.
I'm gon' buy me a barrel of whiskey, I'll die before I turn senile.
I feel like I'm looking at a-heaven's door.
Fear to bring children into the world.
And they set him on a path where he's bound to get ill.
You never mentioned one time the man who came and died a criminal's death.
I went to tell everybody, but I could not get across.
Train, moving with a simple twist of fate.
Preacherman seeks the same -- who'll get there first is uncertain.
Better get away from Oxford Town.
But then again, I said, oh-I said, oh-I said, oh-oh, babe, I'm in the mood for you.
But, baby, please stop crying 'cause it's tearing up my mind.
When I've forgotten all the rest.
Only taking one shot to kill Billy Lyons dead.
The milkman comes in, he's wearing a derby hat.
Tomorrow will be another day.
Than to see you be another man's darling and to know that you'll never be mine.
Or put up against the wall.
If you want me, a-honey baby, I'll be here.
The beauty parlor is filled with sailors, the circus is in town.
Sara, Sara, so easy to look at, so hard to define.
Nothing matters to me and there's nothing I desire, 'cept you, yeah, you.
No use in worrying 'cause the world gone wrong.
Till she sees finally she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamine, and her pearls.
So long, honey babe.
You're bound to fall." You thought they were all kidding you.
Now, each of us has his own special gift and you know this was meant to be true.
Wants to get it paid off.
You gave me a map and a key to your door.
Time passes slowly when you're lost in a dream.
John Wesley Harding was a friend to the poor.
Tell you now that the whole town is empty.
And, every time you get this close, it makes me want to scream.
And she also keeps the cards that read "Have Mercy on His Soul".
And to see an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Nobody can throw the ball like Catfish can.
And I feel like I just a-want to travel on.
'Stead of learning to live, they are learning to die.
Oh, use your hands and legs, it won't ruin you.
Come to me now, you know, we're so alone and life is brief.
I said for the Pope of Eruke I was employed.
At the old dance hall on the outskirts of town.
And watch the parking meters.
It probably wouldn't matter to you anyhow.
But there's only one authority - that's the authority on high.
When the game finally ended up, the whole darn boat was his.
Well, I'll sell it to you at a reduced price.
So I best be on my way in the early morning rain.
Crying like a fire in the sun.
And neither have I wings to fly.
Yes, you do, you know you do...
Hoping to find one circumstance of dignity.
I'm in trouble with the tombstone blues.
And to all the good people that traveled with you.
It's almost like-almost like I don't exist.
All of us at times, we might work too hard to have it too fast and too much.
I scarcely feel the glow.
And I guess he'd been there for the whole night or more.
Rode slowly back again.
But my heart is telling me I love you still.
Havanageeluh.
I know the kinds of things you like.
Blowing like it's gonna sweep my world away.
And both shall row, my love and I.
Gonna put my good foot forward, stop being influenced by fools.
No doubt in my mind where you belong.
The fog is so thick that you can't even spy the land.
We're gonna start this again, the band was way ahead of me. [incomprehensible] We're gonna tune, we're gonna tune these instruments too.
I forgot more than you'll ever know about her.
The only thing I could do was be me and get on that train and ride.
Still I love my faithless Flora, the Lily of the West.
And you say, "Impossible!" as he hands you a bone.
Your babies're crying louder, now, it's pounding on your brain.
Gonna give you back what you wishing on someone else.
I don't care what in the world you do.
Well, the-the judge, he holds a grudge, he's gonna call on you.
Ever since I seen her smile.
Everything that I dreamed of to get a start in life's game.
She stepped to the light as my silver strings spun.
If you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.
Going back where we come from.
The hour when the ship comes in.
Tweedle Dum, he'll stab you where you stand.
You say, "Impossible!" as he hands you a bone.
Chain you down or bring you down.
But I'm not up in the castle, a-honey.
A dollar when I'm hard up, religion when I die.
With sensitive instincts, she was the creative one.
It's just a shadow you're seeing that he's chasing.
For we were the lads who'd a-give them hard clouts and bid them look sharp in the morning.
Have a-fallen from her curls.
At not getting their money's worth.
Rita mumbled something 'bout her mother on the hill.
Tell her her baby's on the line.
Lord, I know I can't escape.
I'm crashing my car trunk-first into the board.
But I'm richer by far with a satisfied mind.
He wants it all and he wants it his way.
Never took much trouble with the process of the law.
You're better than them, you been born with white skin, they explain.
Going through all these things twice.
Some of 'em going down, some of 'em gonna get killed.
I just wanna thank You, Lord - well.
Tangled up in blue.
Sara, Sara, don't ever leave me, don't ever go.
Wiggle like a big, fat snake.
I'll only let you down.
Not much happening here, nothing ever does.
Smoke a custom-made cigar, wear an alligator boot.
But to live outside the law you must be honest.
So I'll just say "Fare thee well".
Most of the time I wouldn't change it if I could.
And I made it on over to that million dollar bash.
My thoughts began to wander, but his voice was ringing loud.
How across the sea from England I was condemned to sail.
Is tell me that it isn't true.
And gallantly handed her my very last piece of gum.
My grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth, I don't know if they had any dreams or hopes.
Something else just a-hit the ground.
Mona tried to tell me to stay away from the train line.
Yeah, but, you know, it's not the one that I had in mind.
Well, I saw you making love with him, you forgot to close the garage door.
I'm gon' do whatever circumstances require.
My eyes were closed, I was half asleep.
Bring that bottle over here.
Said she could get killed if she told me what she knew about dignity.
He traveled a-with a gun in every hand.
To anyone passing by, that's who they're talking to.
You don't get anything you don't deserve where we were born in time.
Because he doesn't pay tribute to the king that you serve.
Everybody went down to that million dollar bash.
Then they'll kill him with self-confidence after poisoning him with words.
Even the president of the United States sometimes a-must have to stand naked.
Levels my head and eases my mind.
Take what you have gathered from coincidence.
Seemed like always they'd be caught between the mob and the men in blue.
It's all in your eyes and the way that you move.
They got some hungry women there and they really make a mess outta you.
Oh, don't tell her I'm in jail.
"We got him cornered in the churchyard!" I heard somebody shout.
Someone said that Dignity was the first to leave.
I'm a poet, I know it.
Lord, I ain't got much more to lose.
He died on the road, he died on the road.
Tumbled all down into pieces.
And a license to kill him given out to every maniac.
Down to New Orleans.
I don't want to believe them, all I want is your word.
Gonna get that girl that money will buy.
Looking for them rounders looking out for me.
Even though you only seen 'em one time or two.
The dogs were barking, the neighbor passed, mama, of course she said hi.
People can't wait, they're gathered around.
Satan got you by the heel, there's a bird's nest in your hair.
If this is love, then give me more and more and more and more.
He reached too high, was thrown back to the ground.
Well, I been praying for salvation, laying 'round in a one-room country-shack.
At the man whose clothes and shoes were torn.
Right now I'm having trouble.
"How are you?" he said to me, I said it back to him.
That must be what it's all about.
Under the midnight moon.
Without this love that we call ours.
Hard times, hard times, come again no more.
What's real and what is not.
Throw my mattress out there too.
I dreamed I saw Saint Augustine, alive with fiery breath.
To live it you had to explode.
You just build it cheaper someplace else.
Him and Arthur Dexter Bradley were just out prowling around.
But she changed the subject every time money came up.
Lily had two queens, she was hoping for a third to match her pair.
But the town has no need to be nervous.
Hope that it don't sleet.
You should never let other people get your kicks for you.
Wiggle, you can raise the dead.
Just like you told me, it's just like you said it would be.
"I've come to win some money," Gambling Willie says.
It was raining from the first and I was dying of thirst so I came in here.
Split up on a dark, sad night, both agreeing it was best.
You say, "Impossible!" as he hands you the bone.
They got him on conspiracy, but they never said who with.
As the step was his pillow, the street was his bed.
I know you always say that you agree.
And on Lily Pond Lane when the weather was warm.
If you don't mind sleeping with your head face-down in a plate.
"Pray for peace!" he said, you could feel it in the crowd.
You're like a time bomb in my heart.
Sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed.
And he wore a metal brace around his waist.
I said, "Where are we going?" He said we'd be back by the fourth.
He's only a pawn in their game.
And she makes love just like a woman, but she breaks just like a little girl.
Now her vengeance has been satisfied and her possessions have been sold.
But, when Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody's gonna doze.
Just tell me where it hurts and I'll tell you who to call.
My heart is telling me I love you still.
You rise up and say goodbye to no one.
Oh, the rag-man draws circles up and down the block.
My tears keep flowing to the sea.
I told 'em I was the editor of a famous etiquette book.
Well, my heart's in the Highlands, I'm gonna go there when I feel good enough to go.
If I can't find my baby, I'm gonna run away and hide.
You don't wanna have to go back to jail, be a nice fellow.
I'm trying to get closer, but I'm still a million miles from you.
Like a-she a-broke a-this heart of mine.
Behind a man's brain.
Just a minute 'fore you touch the door.
You know-a sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.
I needed somebody to talk to.
I'm rolling slow, going where the wild roses grow.
So give me your hand and say you'll be mine.
I see better days and I do better things.
From her mother and sister, though close did they stay.
And now people just get uglier and I have no sense of time.
She ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.
He never did know what it was all about.
I didn't know whether to duck or to run, so I ran.
Swamp's gonna rise, no boat's gonna row.
It don't matter, anyhow.
She robbed me of my liberty, deprived me of my rest.
I can't hear you anymore.
I never could learn to hold you, love, and call you mine.
He throws us all in jail for carrying harpoons.
Like a thief in the night He'll replace wrong with right when He returns.
And I nearly starved to death, boys, he did mistreat me so.
Meantime life outside goes on all around you.
"Oh, tell me, my darling son, tell me what they've done.
His mama sure was proud of him.
I know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve.
If I'm a fool, you can have the night - you can have the morning, too.
Now you don't talk so loud.
I couldn't see what you could show me.
Even the pawn must hold a grudge.
Means another poor boy is underground.
Don't let me down, don't let me down.
But farewell, Angelina, the night is on fire and I must go.
He wants to turn me in to the F.B.I.
For I can't help falling in love with you.
Right in the middle of an air-raid drill.
Heard my best friend a-coming and I thought I heard my baby cry.
Mama, you been on my mind.
'Cause he doesn't tell you jokes and fairy-tales, say he's failed to make you smile.
Hmm.
So I'm going, I'm going, I'm gone.
I just go pump on it some.
Oh, his darling girl behind.
You tamed the lion in my cage, but it wasn't enough to change my heart.
Till she finally sees that she's like all the rest with her fog, her amphetamine, and her pearls.
Your empty pockets tell you that you ain't got no friend.
But I'm just as happy as you, baby, I just can't say it so well.
To try and make me change my mind and stay.
Yes, I could make it without you if I just didn't feel so all alone.
Heart-fixer, mind-regulator, true to the end.
She wanted a whole man, not just a half.
The truth that I'm seeking is in your missing file.
As a crutch for her scenes and her society.
If you're a real hot mama, come and drive away Daddy's weeping spell.
Everybody telling me she's gone to my head.
But he cursed me when I proved to him. Then I whispered and said, "Not even you can hide.
Don't ask me nothing about nothing - I just might tell you the truth.
New morning.
It only brings me sorrow.
You were just a painted face on a trip down Suicide Road.
I think Abraham Lincoln said that.
Perhaps I'll die on that train.
Myself, for what I did I cannot be excused.
He found a promoter nearly fell on the floor.
Oh, you got to trust yourself.
Not somebody that you play around with much.
And the harmonica around my neck, I blew it for you free.
Everybody had a ticket for the trip.
Farewell, Angelina, the sky is folding, I'll see you after a while.
Through the holes in the pockets in my clothes.
When I was down, you just stood there grinning.
Watch them jugs a-filling in the pale moonlight.
And puts her hands in her back pocket Bette Davis-style.
Nothing about it that's sweet, the disease of conceit.
All the faces we used to know, they're an illusion to me now.
They smile to your face, but behind your back they hiss.
She saw her father's body broken.
Your daddy walks in wearing a Napoleon Bonaparte mask.
See him at play makes me smile.
Streets up there're lined with gold.
And she never done nothing to William Zantzinger.
And they lived in an alley under the red sky.
With the lunch bucket filled every season.
You got all the love, a-honey baby, I can stand.
You spent your last, lone dollar on seven shotgun shells.
So I'll bid farewell and be down the road.
The answer is blowing in the wind.
Both eyes are looking like they on a rabbit hunt.
And then I turn my head for you're approaching me.
Things will be alright by and by.
Then in comes his daughter, whose name was Rita.
I'll go along with the charade until I can think my way out.
Into the arms of Judas Priest, which is where he died of thirst.
Some things in life, it just gets too late to learn.
On this new morning with you.
"Eternity?" said Frankie Lee with a voice as cold as ice.
Love and only love - it can't be denied.
And your fall-by-the-sword love affair with Errol Flynn.
Whatever's waiting in the future could be what you're running from in the past.
In the pale moonlight.
Said he, "Ms. Mouse, are you within?" Uh-huh.
Everything about you is bringing me misery.
But it grieves my heart, love, to see you trying to be a part of a world that just don't exist.
And the mountains are filled with lost sheep.
He just showed the wise men of his day to be nothing more than fools.
Take off your heavy make-up and your shawl.
He owned a wrecking lot outside of town about a mile.
I got no reason to be there, but I imagine it would be some kinda change.
I just can't keep from crying.
And they gotta cut something.
She'll take the dark out of the nighttime and turn the daytime black.
You're the only love I've ever known.
Lost time is not found again.
Whatever you got to say to me won't come as any shock.
Your magnetic movement still captures the minutes I'm in.
A man lost all his money, said Willie was to blame.
Well, I waited for you when I was half sick.
You say you disturb me and you don't deserve me, but you know sometimes you lie.
Forget the dead you left, they will not follow you.
Tomorrow's gonna be another day.
What was it you wanted? You can tell me, I'm back.
May you stay forever young.
But everybody still talks about how badly they were shocked.
She made well sure her neighbors understood.
Oh, the truth to you I'll tell.
Oh, babe, truer words have not been spoken or broken.
When they rode with Villa into Torreon.
Then they bury him in stars, sell his body like they do used cars.
God knows...
But no charge held against him could they prove.
You know-a sometimes Satan'll come as a man of peace.
Then he staggered out into the streets of Little Italy.
Feel further away than ever before.
There is nothing to prove, everything still is the same.
Now I feel like a stranger in a world I'm living in.
So I get brown rice, seaweed, and a dirty hot dog.
The night will soon be gone.
She used to call me "sweet daddy" when I was only a child.
Trying to read a note somebody wrote 'bout dignity.
Rifle on her shoulder, six-shooter in her hand.
And all of the remnants of her recent past are scattered in the wild wind.
You're taking all my money and give it to another man.
You'll do as much for me.
But it's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call.
You ain't worth the blood that runs in your veins.
Everybody sees you on your window ledge.
I asked the captain what his name was and how come he didn't drive a truck.
They don't apply no more, you can't rely no more to be standing around waiting.
Make me feel so good inside, so peaceful, so sublime.
And I want you to be that woman.
It doesn't haunt me like it did before.
I'm falling in love with you.
Blowing like she's at my chamber door.
For that's the way I remember her best.
I did not do it knowingly.
A man named Martin Luther King...
He's not sentimental, don't bother him at all how many of his pals have been killed.
Now, all he believes are his eyes and his eyes, they just tell him lies.
From inside the grounds of the walls of Red Wing.
Must've been old Stack-A-Lee stumbling in the dark.
Nothing can heal me now but your touch.
And I dreamed I was amongst the ones that put him out to death.
On anything 'cept a simple twist of fate.
And, when bringing her name up, he speaks of a farewell kiss to me.
Mi amor, mi corazon.
I have tried my hand at bribery, blackmail, and deceit.
I was shadow-boxing early in the day.
My belt buckle's from the Amazon.
The Phantom of the Opera in the perfect image of a priest.
Whatever you wanted slipped out of my mind.
On the caboose of the train.
For the times, they-they are a-changing.
She said that all the railroad men just drink up your blood like wine.
Tell me behind what door your treasure lies.
But I know that I can't move.
If you just let me follow you down.
Come on, baby...
It's just the same as talking to you.
Blowing like the sky's gonna blow apart.
I'd like to know.
But you'd better take your diamond ring down, now, you'd better pawn it, babe.
Evidently she won't.
And the cops are putting the screws to him, looking for somebody to blame.
And keep away from pranks.
'Cause I love you more than ever now that the past is gone.
This is called "It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)".
In the night the price was paid.
I feel like the whole world got me pinned up against the fence.
But not as deep as the love Im in.
It came up tails, it rhymed with sail, so I made it back to the ship.
And the ancient, empty street's too dead for dreaming.
He's on some other shore, he didn't wanna live anymore.
Easy to see without looking too far not much is really sacred.
The only person on the scene missing was the jack of hearts.
You can't walk the streets in a war.
Don't look it--like it will anytime soon.
And my best friend, my doctor, won't even say what it is I've got.
The lonesome sparrow sings.
Nobody feels any pain tonight as I stand inside the rain.
But everybody else - even yourself, they're just gonna have to wait.
Seen a shooting star tonight slip away.
Everybody tells me she's the brains behind pa.
Know not what the years may hold.
Seems like a long time ago, long before the stars were torn down.
To ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay.
She once was a true love of mine.
I know you're long gone, I guess it must be up to me.
What make me love my woman she can really do the Georgia Crawl.
Wherever there was people, there was Willie and his cards.
Come, baby, show me, show me you know me, tell me you're the one.
He stood beneath the silver skies and his heart began to bleed.
I got nothing to go back to now.
Couldn't see, I didn't know where I was, I was bald.
Lord, your highway's getting filled.
With my suitcase in my hand.
Behind every beautiful thing there's been some kinda pain.
And this weekend in hell is making me sweat.
'Twas then that I knew what he had on his mind.
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.
Two men in front of me were coming to blows.
Maybe we just better call off the picnic.
If she wake up now, you know, she'll just a-want me to talk.
Achilles is in your alleyway, he don't want me here, he does brag.
Even the bloodhounds of London couldn't find you today.
Or stay all night with thee.
Up over my head nothing but clouds of blood.
I used to care, but things have changed.
Bury the rag deep in your face for now's the time for your tears.
And it drifted to the bottom of the sea.
Well, you know, lots of people complaining that there is no work.
'Cause I got my little lady right by my side.
Everything is broken.
Now I'm trying to get to heaven before they close the door.
Blowing like it's gon' blow my blues away.
For the saving grace that's over me.
Try to avoid the scandals.
You're a big girl now.
His mama's face broke out into a grin.
Everybody watching us a-go by knows we're in love, yes, they understand.
Time passes slowly and fades away.
One rich man in ten with a satisfied mind.
She walks like Bo Diddley and she don't need no crutch.
I was thinking 'bout Isis, how she thought I was so reckless.
Johnny's been out on the road too long.
And you are the best thing that he's ever seen.
Swamp's gonna rise and no boat's gonna row.
Oh, when the dawn came over the river bridge, I knew it was up to me.
We flung them as far as we could in the tide.
I can't even remember El Paso, a-honey.
With disaster that you somehow managed to escape.
To get you facts when someone attacks your imagination.
They lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep.
Its curfew-gull, it glides.
Suffering ridicule, they want me give it all up in disgust.
When my last dream exploded, I noticed your light.
You went years without me, might as well keep going now.
Means another poor boy is dead and gone.
Ain't no loving since she been gone.
She also keeps the cards that read "Have Mercy on His Soul".
And then I kiss your lips as I lift your veil.
It can cure the soul, it can make it whole if dogs run free.
Where teardrops fall.
Just to take somebody's money away.
But the bitter taste still lingers on, it all came down so hard.
And, no matter what they say, I believe in you.
You're gonna need my help someday.
It's too hot to sleep and time is running away.
By the man who invented iron and disappeared so mysteriously.
And you know that we shall meet again if your memory serves you well.
She slipped in through the side door, looking like a queen without a crown.
I'm going back to end my life down in the Rising Sun.
Got their noses to the grindstones.
Advances on your spirit and your soul.
Don't say I never warned you if your train gets lost.
And these visions of Johanna are now all that remain.
I can't find nobody so you'll have to do.
Got to play your harp until your lips bleed.
When he played and we didn't dance.
Wanna thank You, Lord.
I can't shoot them anymore.
This song is called "Hurricane". If you got any political pull at all, maybe you can help us get this man outta jail, back onto the streets.
Trying to read a letter to me somebody wrote about dignity.
She passes him on the spiral staircase, thinking he's the Soviet Ambassador.
Said he'd give me information if his name wasn't used.
They're still talking about that card game on that Jackson Queen.
Taking him to the cemetery, but they failed to bring him back.
He's got plans of His own to set up His throne when a-He returns.
A man who swears he's not to blame.
Is simply that one should never be where one does not belong.
And it's alright, ma, I can make it.
Were handing out the flowers that I'd given to you.
I ain't crying for no religion, Lord, give me back my good gal please.
Well, I cried for you, now it's your turn to cry a while.
And a lot of 'em, they seemed to be looking my way.
Put 'em on a boat, send 'em up to Bear Mountain for a picnic.
It'll scramble up your head, drag your brain about.
I'm going, I'm going, I'm gone.
For me He was rejected by a world that He created.
And his mother had to turn her face away.
Like the universe has swallowed me whole.
Come on out, the dark is just beginning.
Rain would gather, too.
I've seen trouble all my days.
I and I, in creation where one's nature neither honor, nor forgive.
For his tongue, it could not speak, but only flatter.
I'll always be right by your side, I've got a covenant, too.
And I ain't never gonna be the same again.
Ring them from the fortress for the lilies that bloom.
There's a million reasons for you to be crying, you been so bold and so cold.
Delia's dear mother took a trip out West.
Oh, you got to trust yourself...
Your servants are half-dead, you're down to the bone.
Precious memories flood my soul.
Take the rag away from your face! Now ain't the time for your tears.
So I'm going, I'm just going, I'm gone.
And tapestry of rhyme.
She gave her heart to the man in the long, black coat.
May you have a strong foundation when the winds of changes shift.
If you only got a nickel, it's the Staten Island Ferry.
Whoever it is, I wish they'd cut it out, but when they will I can only guess.
I got my dark sunglasses, I'm carrying for good luck my black tooth.
Don't think twice, it's alright.
But your love just hasn't proved true.
You know, I feel pretty good, but that ain't saying much.
I could stay with you forever and never realize the time.
Running from up Wisconsin way down to no man's land.
He was her man, but he done her wrong.
Where the geese into the countryside have flown.
Her and her boyfriend done changed their tune.
Thank you, that was called "Maggie's Farm".
Turn, turn to the rain and the wind.
But take your diamond ring down and pawn it, babe.
Hollow man looking in a cotton-field for dignity.
If I'm still among the living, I'll be Dixie-bound.
I want everybody to be free.
I knew that very instant she meant to do me harm.
Seven more days all I gotta do is survive.
It may be some place, baby, you say where.
But with the country to where you're going.
She threw me outside, I stood in the dirt where everyone walked.
But you will wind up peeking through her keyhole down upon your knees.
You either got faith or you got unbelief and there ain't no neutral ground.
You talk to her, she's your lover now.
On a cold, dark night on the Spanish Stairs.
That I remember in my true love's eyes.
And laid his life on the line.
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it...
And build you a house made outta stainless steel.
Willie's cards fell on the floor, they were aces backed with eights.
It's President Kennedy calling me up.
I think this time we should escape.
Till your error you clearly learn.
For there's a slow--said there's a slow, slow train coming.
I hope I'm ready.
Puts her hands in her back pocket Bette Davis-style.
Nobody stops to ask why.
To this thing called the Bear Mountain Picnic.
And clouds cover up the ground.
Things will be OK, you wait and see.
That the Bear Mountain picnic was coming my way.
She pretends like we never have met.
Staring at the butterfly, who just drew the jack of hearts.
It looks like I'm never gonna lose the freight train blues.
And they'll yet regret they've sent Jim Jones in chains to Botany Bay.
Splitting up on a dark, sad night, both agreeing it was best.
I was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road with your subpoena.
Tomorrow keeps turning around.
Where she was born on midsummer's eve near the tower.
That today I'll be staying here with you.
All the things that I'm saying and many times more.
He stole a Rolls Royce and drove it in a swimming pool.
I'm going back to New Orleans to wear that ball and chain.
She showed 'em to the people from next door.
You can go back to him any time you want to.
My father was a traveling salesman, I never met him.
I seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of you.
Hold on to me, pretty miss, and say you'll never go away to stray.
You been two-faced, you been double-dealing.
He let go a laugh, he let go a laugh, shook back his clothes all around.
You know that sometimes Satan come as a man of peace.
But I can't remember why I was in it or what part I was supposed to play.
Your loyalty is a-not to me but to the stars above.
But that's alright, baby, you know I always understand.
You know that I know, honey, but, honey, please don't.
I'll just bid farewell till we meet again.
When there was blood on the moon, in the cotton belt.
If it's information you want, you can get it from the police.
Your brand-new leopard-skin pill-box hat.
I been worrying about you, baby.
His bedroom window, it is made out of bricks.
I know something is changed.
So, darling, I'm counting on you.
Someone I really could care for.
It's sadder still to feel your heart torn away.
All of your [incomprehensible] and let's talk about your soul.
Well, I cried for you, now it's your turn, you can cry a while.
You just happened to be there, that's all.
You're just gonna make everybody jump and roar.
Round that horn and ride that herd, gonna thread up.
Got my mind made up.
In the days of old and the days of gold, those were days of '49.
Let us hope they've found mercy in their bone-filled graves.
Black crows in the meadow, across a broad highway.
I was sitting down thinking of you.
I don't have any regrets - they can talk about me plenty when I'm gone.
The lonesome days, they have gone by.
And I've served time for everything 'cept begging on the street.
Who pick up on his breadcrumb sins.
It was raining from the first and I was a-dying out there of thirst so I came in here.
You're gonna need - you're gonna need my help someday, my help someday.
I'm just going, I'm going, I'm gone.
Who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal.
Give her all my salary on the waters of oblivion.
I don't wanna drown in someone else's wine.
The Phantom of the Opera in a perfect image of a priest.
But I ain't gonna hear it said no more.
I would wave a wand and tie back the bond that we've both gone beyond.
But you're gonna serve somebody.
Where these visions of Johanna have now taken my place.
Time passes slow when you're searching for love.
She can't find him anywhere.
I hate myself for loving you, but I should get over that.
I spied the fairest damsel that ever did walk in chains.
You got to be made to be wearing a telephone.
I's looking around just to see myself.
That big, old boat started to sink.
The earth and sky that melts with flesh and bone.
It don't satisfy the hurt inside, nor the habit that I feed.
More of an outlaw than you ever were.
Looking for the places only they would know.
She acts like we never met.
Yet she's true like ice, like fire.
"Get well, get well," said she.
But I can't help falling in love with you.
They stashed them away in a basement, called 'em "amateurs".
And, after finding that I'd forgotten my shirt, I went back and knocked.
Of two mules, trains, and rain.
As the present now will later be past.
Lincoln and Jefferson and that Roosevelt guy.
Passed this way an hour ago with his friend, a jealous monk.
Late last night you come rolling across my mind.
By His hand I've been delivered, by His spirit I've been sealed.
Handy-dandy, handy-dandy.
With gold and silver in her hand.
Twenty years of schooling and they put you on the day shift.
Too many thoughts get in the way in the day, but you're always what I'm thinking of.
My eyes feel like they're falling off my face.
Man gave names to all the animals in the beginning, long time ago.
She can do the Georgia Crawl, she can walk in the spirit of the Lord.
Nobility, humility.
And they're breaking down the distance between a-right and wrong.
Go find out something only dead men know.
'Cause Tiny Montgomery's gonna shake that thing.
While the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing.
'Steada burning every bridge I crossed.
The morning breeze like a bugle blew against the drums of dawn.
Well, I go to pet your monkey, I get a face full of claws.
A-lord, protect my child.
Lenny Bruce was bad, he was the brother that you never had.
You shouldn't let other people get your kicks for you.
But the song, it was long and there was more to be sung.
There was no greater love than what I had for you.
And one day he came passing by.
He made it to Kansas City, Twelfth Street and Vine.
Seen a shooting star tonight and I thought of me.
With his lady by his side he took a stand.
Through the darkness on the pathways of life.
In her fog, with her amphetamine and her pearls.
It must have been Don Pasquale making a 2 AM booty call.
Yes, he is, now-yes, he is outside my yard.
The louder they come, the bigger they crack.
Well, it's sundown on the union and what's made in the USA.
Oh, honey, after all these years you're still the one.
When you get a crazy notion of jumping all over me.
Old women condemned him, said he should apologize.
It's bad out there, high water everywhere.
I didn't know that you were saying goodbye for good.
The whole world is my throne.
Never been so easy or so slow.
It always does when you're with me.
Dodging lions and wasting time.
Me, I romp and stomp, thankful as I romp.
Goes rolling by, all good people are praying.
Wives would keep their husbands home when Willie came to town.
"Turn him loose, let him go, let him say he outdrew me fair and square.
Some people, they ain't human, they got no heart or soul.
"Yes, kind sir, I sit and spin." Uh-huh.
I got a head full of ideas that are driving me insane.
Dark beauty, with that long night's journey in your eyes.
He ain't-a got no name.
And another man named Bello, moving mysteriously.
For Halloween give her a trumpet and for Christmas buy her a drum.
To keep her from the howling winds.
It's all much cleaner than the New York kind.
I'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like that.
You cast your spell and I went under.
And that failure's no success at all.
But your heart is like an ocean, mysterious and dark.
I'm sick of love, I'm trying to forget you.
In every leaf that trembles and in every grain of sand.
You're too hot, darling.
I know I can trust you to stay the way you are.
Like I see through the water that runs down my drain.
To weep not for me now I'm gone.
Your baby's eyes look crazy, they're tugging at your sleeve.
We'll play it out the best we know, whatever it is worth.
We can hear the night watchman click his flashlight, ask himself if it's him or them that's insane.
Capture your soul and hold it for ransom.
Well, Frankie Lee and Judas Priest, they were the best of friends.
I followed the winding stream.
Your brain is bleeding and your legs can't seem to stand.
Precious, sacred scenes unfold.
'Cause I'd already promised that I'd milk his cows.
Honey, because the world done wrong.
I gotta get a message to my baby, you know, she's not just anyone.
Pay for your ticket and don't complain.
Know that sometimes Satan, you know, he come as a man of peace.
He found a promoter, who nearly fell off the floor.
That I just can't fit? Yes, I believe it's time for us to quit.
Blowing like she ain't gon' blow no more.
Ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more.
A woman just gave birth to a prince today and dressed him in scarlet.
It's all just a scheme, babe, a vacuum, a dream, babe, that sucks you into feeling like this.
Just the dust of a plague that has left this whole town afraid.
Look up, look up, seek your maker 'fore Gabriel blows his horn.
Seven more days and all that will be gone.
"Rip down all hate!" I screamed.
I gotta find someone among the women and men whose destiny is unclear.
You coulda done better, but I don't mind.
I'm well dressed, waiting on the last train.
I've seen all these decoys through a set of deep turquoise eyes and I feel so depressed.
Just another holy man who dared to be a friend.
I'll remember you.
Please don't take away my highway shoes.
While evening slips away.
He just took the folks in high places and he shined a light in their beds.
I froze right to the bone.
We have no desire strange places to see although that your offers are charming.
All the way to the Statue of Liberty.
Peggy Day stole my poor heart away.
Wasn't any difference to me.
As I waited for the sun to go sinking.
I broke into the tomb, but the casket was empty.
Ring them bells with an iron hand so the people will know.
Then you ache just like a woman, but you break just like a little girl.
He's pointing to the sky and he's hungry like a man in drag.
I thought somehow that I would be spared this fate.
No matter what you think about it, you just won't be able to do without it.
Instant inner peace and every step you take's got to be approved.
Someone else is speaking with my mouth, but I'm listening only to my heart.
Meet me in the middle of the air.
You must always remember, baby, you was once a child.
Don't turn away, you'll create sorrow.
Brownsville girl, you're my honey, love.
I'm in love with my second cousin, I tell myself I could be happy forever with her.
Well, the world is set against but will never destroy.
Your flaming feet are burning up the street.
For the times, they are a-changing.
When the bottle gets empty, it sure ain't worth a damn.
And there are no truths outside the gates of Eden.
He must be running for office, got no time to lose.
Leave no stone unturned.
Thanks.
Louise, she's alright, she's just near.
I got a poison headache, but I feel alright.
But this time I'm not gonna tell you why that is.
You can have love, but you might lose it.
Calling out that he's been framed.
I just can't see through it anymore.
Eventually we'll hang ourselves on all this tangled rope.
For tonight when I'll be staying here with you.
It's tough out there, high water everywhere.
By a guy making thirty cents a day.
Oh, yes, they did.
In the early morning rain with nowhere to go.
I can hear the church-bells ringing in the yard, I wonder who they're ringing for.
May you always know the truth and see the light surrounding you.
And I'll be with you when the deal goes down.
That brave and devoted band.
You caused me to leave old Kingsport Town with a high sheriff on my trail.
Streets are filled with broken hearts.
And got a shock from my feet that hit my brain.
I just could not be what she wanted me to be.
I was crossing the street when shots rang out.
Honey, just allow me one more chance, I'll do anything for you.
The hour that the ship comes in.
"Come and go with me, my pretty, little miss, come and go with me, my honey.
That old oak tree, the one we used to climb.
'Stead of acting like we never have met.
It looks like it's dying and it's hardly been born.
She's married this bold captain, who called her his dear.
Visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are making me see stars.
Just like so many times before.
Every time you look at it, your situation's worse.
Find out something only dead men know.
When a can of black paint did fell on my head.
And accept it that soon you'll be drenched to the bone.
Or inspect you or reject you.
Now, I'm liberal, but to a degree.
It's rising up above my head, up above my head.
For Halloween buy her a trumpet and for Christmas give her a drum.
And, if it don't work out, you'll be the first to know.
"Oh, well," I said, "it's a pretty big ship.
And she had left him to die in there.
That don't come back with stories untold are hanging on a tree.
My baby took my heart from me.
Honey, I never would have come.
I keep asking myself how long it can go on like this.
But it's not that way, I wasn't born to lose you.
I ain't never gonna be the same again.
Then they bury him with stars, sell his body like they do used cars.
Yellow fields with twisted oaks that groan.
Ms. Mary-Jane got a house in Baltimore.
When she returned, little Delia had gone to rest.
But it seem like you're never right, you got no loyal mind.
Shouting at this lovely girl and commanding her to yield.
But all his sexless patients, they are trying to blow it up.
The cavalries charged, the Indians died.
Oh, I wish I was on some Australian mountain range.
All except inside the gates of Eden.
Quinn the Eskimo gets here, everybody's gonna wanna doze.
One of the men who held it high was the Indian, Ira Hayes.
The next day could be your last.
I know that the men that shot him down will get what they deserve.
You had no faith to lose and you know it.
To see that you're madly in love.
Thought I was a communist.
Well, we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards Amarillo.
"There's too much confusion, I can't get no relief.
He went out that night to seek revenge, thinking he was bulletproof.
There's man who swears he's not to blame.
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it, taking me down to hell.
And I'll stand over your grave till I'm sure that you're dead.
Said she could get killed if she told me what she knew 'bout dignity.
Starlight in the east, you're finally released, you're stranded with nothing to share.
Oh, this feeling's still here in my heart.
I'd like to get you to change your mind, but it looks like you won't.
When Willie finally left the room, he owned the whole darn town.
The snow is so cold, but our love can be bold, Winterlude, this dude thinks you're fine.
Just you coming and spilling juice over me.
Well, he threw a Reader's Digest at my head and I did run.
Slowly into autumn.
Are you still my friend, baby? Show me a sign.
And into every masterpiece of literature for dignity.
Her rosy cheeks, her ruby lips like arrows pierced my breast.
Look how sweet she sleep, how free must be her dream.
Brought on by a simple twist of fate.
Billy, you been running for so long.
But happiness to me is you and I love you more than blood.
And another man named Bello, moving around mysteriously.
It hurts me, too.
That was married to the deputy sheriff of the jail.
Each one of 'em got seven wives, each one of 'em just out of jail.
Give my blankets to my buddies, give the fleas to Diamond Joe.
But then now again not too many can be like you, fortunately.
I love you more than life itself, you mean that much to me.
I know they're not what they seem.
Well, you know, I've even outrun the hound dog, honey, you know I've earned your love.
Lord, I'm walking down the line - my feet'll be a-flying - to tell about my troubled mind.
Oh, man has invented his doom, first step was touching the moon.
And you give me the blues, I wanna lay down and die.
I come home last night, you wouldn't even let me in.
I'm a-going where I never been before.
Like every sparrow falling, like every grain of sand.
I'd do it myself, it's not so unreal.
Somebody better investigate soon.
The words to say "I'm sorry" I haven't found yet.
And it's hard times, from the country, living down in New York town.
You're my honey.
And pretend that we never have touched.
And, when there's too much of nothing, nobody should look.
And you even make love just like a woman, but you break just like a little girl.
On footprints in the snow and silence down below.
Need that woman straight and true.
And these visions of Johanna that conquer my mind.
Expecting all the gifts that wise men bring.
Well, the whiskey's in the jar and the money's in the bank.
To get you facts if someone attacks your imagination.
Everybody's having them dreams.
She was the only daughter of the engineer.
I'm'a ever, ever, ever long to sail away.
I guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save.
I shall be released.
One man's temper rises, well, another man's temper might freeze.
To get some bail for Arab and all the boys back in the tank.
I know you've suffered much, but in this you are not so unique.
All the latest gossip, all the latest rhyme.
The man, he can't get it, he's almost dead.
I've heard you say many times that you're better than no one and no one is better than you.
Nothing you can sell me, I'll see you around.
And when I was through, I filled up my shoe and brought it to you.
You understand that my heart can't go on beating without you.
I dreamt the only person left after the war was me.
The Tenth Avenue bus going west.
But it sure feels right on a night like this.
Get your mind off wintertime, you ain't going nowhere.
It don't bother me, times are hard everywhere, we'll just have to see how it goes.
Living down Sonora way.
Down along my restless palms.
Madmen oppose him, your kindness throws him, to survive it you play deaf and dumb.
"Good morning, good morning," the Sergeant, he cried.
Wouldn't've been so bad if the poor girl died at home.
Stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt.
I can't even remember what it was I came here to get away from.
So they've hired Mr. Garrett, he'll force you to slow down.
Drifting too far from shore.
Looking into the lost, forgotten years for dignity.
And the hoof-beats pound in his brain.
Your hurts used to be so nameless and your tears used to be so few.
Lay dead beside him there.
Down along the cove we walk together hand in hand.
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more.
I can't help it much if this train gets lost.
This silence of tongues, it was building.
Stayed in Mississippi a day too long.
That's the way I remember her best.
I was a-hungry and it was your world.
But I was cruel, I treated her like a fool.
Intending no harm, but meant to pass by for it being on Christmas morning.
Forget this dance, let's go upstairs.
I cannot move, my fingers, they're all even in a knot.
There are no kings inside the gates of Eden.
And she'll only know he's dead.
My gun's steady, gonna hold it level.
Threw him down in the hole and I put back the cover.
If you were just here by my side to show me how.
'Cept pat me on the back one time when I was on my knee.
You can't win with a losing hand.
Kind ladies and kind gentlemen, soon I will be gone.
And get something quick to eat.
I know this dream, it might be crazy, but it's the only one I've got.
I once loved a woman - a child, I am told.
Tyranny, hypocrisy.
But the poor white man's used in the hands of them all like a tool.
You know, he keeps on saying everything twice to me.
Can't see over to the other side.
Now they say it's the land of money.
With her head tilted sideways she called me again.
The captain gone through the hole in the wall.
Ooh, a little touch of your love.
For whom does the bell toll for, love? It tolls for you and me.
He did a lot of nice things for me and I won't forget him.
In the world you had made they had made you an outcast.
With the innocence of a lamb, she was gentle like a fawn.
What looks large from a distance close up ain't never that big.
Your pawnbroker roared and also so did the landlord.
But I'm already there in my mind and that's good enough for now.
'Cause today I'll be staying here with you.
He helped her out of a jam, I guess, but he used a little too much force.
That you'd be coming back in a little while.
To the old folks' home and the college.
Well, I know that highway like I know my hand.
Into the land of the midnight sun.
If you really believe that, you know you got nothing to win and nothing to lose.
When it's time to go, you got an open door.
Dear Landlord, please heed these words that I speak.
Only for a mile and a half, seemed like it took a couple of months.
Well, there ain't nothing here now to hold them.
Well, I'm trying to get closer, I'm still a million miles from you.
Stay in my kitchen, have a [unintelligible], have a picnic in my bathroom.
Praise the good lord to get her out of your mind.
And you only got ten.
Her Jamaican rum and, when she did come, I asked her for some.
Sara, oh, Sara, loving you is one thing I'll never regret.
When you bite off more than you can chew, you got to pay the penalty.
Finalize you or advertise you.
And no time to think.
Oh, quickly, heal his wounds.
I'm not the one you need.
If it rolls and flows all down her breast.
And gives it to me for a song.
Deep down inside, you know, you know - need a whole new beginning.
Passed this way an hour ago with his friend, some jealous monk.
Half-wracked prejudice leaped forth.
Nothing can hold you down, nothing that you lack.
She saw her Albert there a-loving up Alice Fry.
Unlike most of the songs nowadays are being written uptown in Tin Pan Alley - that's where most of the folk songs come from nowadays, this-this is a song-this wasn't written up there, this was written somewhere down in the United States.
Everybody that was hanging out.
You went years without me, you might as well keep going now.
I'm gonna get my coat - I feel the breath of a storm.
And a fake beard plastered on her brow.
Sweet lady.
On the way out of Egypt through Ethiopia to the judgment-hall of the Christ.
And time is beginning to crawl.
She'll be flying over my home in about three hours' time.
What would I do with it anyway? Maybe take it to the pawn shop.
Yes, and I'll go last.
Now I just can't rest without you, love, I need your company.
I'm letting the cat out of the cage, I'm keeping a low profile.
68, but says she's 24.
I believe in the impossible, you know that I do.
I cursed her one time, then I rode on ahead.
Wondering who turned the lights on us.
Blowing my lungs out for a dollar a day.
And light on your right knee.
None of them doing nothing that your mama wouldn't disapprove.
It's a hard rain's gonna fall.
Put me outta doors.
Then sends 'em out to the jungle.
Crying out that he been framed.
But it was more than I could do.
I'm no pig without a wig, I hope you treat me kind.
And I thought of a goddess of beauty, the blooming, bright star of Bright Isle.
That the one road we traveled would ever shatter or split.
Shut the light, shut the shade.
See the groom still waiting at the altar.
"Strike three," the umpire said, batter has to go back and sit down.
It's unbelievable you can get this rich this quick.
You know what I'm saying and you know what I mean.
I'm going back to New Orleans - my race is almost run.
It can cause some men to sleep on nails, it can cause others to eat fire.
He's going to the carnival tonight on Desolation Row.
Everything passes, everything changes. Just do what you think you should do.
The walls collide, Mona cries.
In an oil refinery.
As the morning light breaks open, the Greek comes down and he asks for rope and a pen that will write.
'Bout a funny, old world that's coming along.
All for a moment's glory and it's a dirty, rotten shame.
And she aches just like a woman, but she breaks just like a little girl.
She's a brown-skin woman, but I-I love her just the same.
Lady-killers load dice on me behind my back while imitators steal me blind.
Every time I crawl past your door, I been wishing I've been somebody else instead.
But my heart's just not in it, I might as well pass right on by.
And, foaming at the mouth, he began to make his midnight creep.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Cassius Clay, you'd better run.
Upon the beach of sunny Mozambique.
You wanted all them rounders, never had time for me.
I don't wanna believe them, all I want is your word.
And there's a slow, slow train coming up around the bend.
The First World War, boys, it came and it went.
Like a poor fool in his prime, yes, I know you can hear me walk.
He wore a gun and he was shot in the back.
But even Mona Lisa musta had the highway blues, you can tell by the way she smiles.
You know, there's some things that you put out, it's gonna come back on you.
I got love for you and it's all in vain.
And the bright light of salvation shines in dark and empty skies.
The holy one called Jesus Christ.
It's only people's games that you got to dodge.
With the glory that is to be.
I'm going back to New York City, I do believe I've had enough.
You were trying to break into another world, a world I never knew.
Tell me.
My head is vibrating, I feel a sharp pain.
Man in the moon went home and the river went dry.
I saw three ships sailing, they were all heading my way.
Well, my wrist was empty, but my nerves were kicking, ticking like a clock.
Swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.
And I was brought up by my brother.
And then go on home and have my fun.
On her twenty-second birthday she already is an old maid.
I'm hungry and I'm irritable and I'm tired of this bag of tricks.
I'm on the dark side of the road.
Well, the room is so stuffy, I can hardly breathe.
From Santa Fe, dear, dear, dear, dear, dear Santa Fe.
You're trying to break into another world, a world I never knew.
Somewheres in the distance there's seven new people born.
I can feel it in the dust as I get off the bus on the outskirts of town.
God knows it could snap apart right now, just like putting scissors to a string.
We just like to see a good, old-fashioned fight.
Wishing I'd never got up that morning.
In the border-towns of despair.
The empress attracts you, but oppression distracts you, it makes you feel violent and strange.
Well, it's all of a fair and a handsome girl, she's all in her tender years.
The light I never knowed.
Suck that pig and bring it on home.
She went with the man in the long, black coat.
Wants me to grow a mustache on my face.
Well, I thought that the rain would cool things down, but it looks like it don't.
And place them at the feet of a harlot.
There's a slow, slow train coming up around the bend.
Hoof-beats pounding in my head at breakneck speed and making me see stars.
Your days are numbered, so are mine.
But, if he was sick, he shoulda said.
Food was flying everywhere - I left without my hat.
Just Like a Woman? Alright, we'll -- we'll try it.
They'll stone you when you're walking to the door.
She put down in writing what was in her mind.
Stone you, they'll be back again.
And you'll die in your footsteps before you go down under the ground.
Everybody is making love or else expecting rain.
And he dropped his medals down into her hand.
You say you got some other kinda lover and, yes, I believe you do.
And, when you go back to find it, there's nothing there to find.
Hold on to me so tight and heat up some coffee grounds.
And when I looked, my moon had turned to gold.
I finally got a job in New York town.
I don't wanna see you bleed, I know what you need and it ain't what you deserve.
All except when 'neath the trees of Eden.
Well, I'm pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord.
And a-say you'll always let it be me.
But, if you got to go, go now or else you got to stay all night.
Go lightly on the ground.
I'm just sitting here thinking with my mind a million miles away.
It ain't me you're looking for, babe.
A pink hotel, a boutique, and a swinging, hot spot.
But shun that house in New Orleans they call the Rising Sun.
Gotta get up near the teacher if you can if you wanna learn anything.
I didn't realize how young you were.
You wanna ramble to the break of dawn.
To a half a day's shift with no reason.
"My trip hasn't been a pleasant one and my time, it isn't long.
For the wild, unknown country where I could not go wrong.
It was all that easy to tell wrong from right.
But the Pennsylvania line's in an awful mess and the Denver road is about to melt.
Must be the mother of Our Lord.
Baby, caught between heaven and hell.
That I myself really thought it was just a childish thing to do.
I wonder if they'll know me next time 'round.
Using ideas as my maps.
You ain't seen nothing like me yet.
And puts her hands into her back pocket Bette Davis-style.
There's no words that need to be said.
Setting my dial on the radio, I wish my mother was still alive.
I don't have no sports car and I don't even care to have one.
So I'll bid farewell in the night and be gone.
Just trying to find my little all and all.
The fast, fading words that rolled from my tongue.
What look good in the day at night is another thing.
He was [incomprehensible], there was nothing I could do to stop it.
Half asleep 'neath the stars with a small dog licking your face.
He got no place to 'scape to, no place to run.
Splitting up on a dark, sad night, both agreeing that it was best.
Just a little shanty by the railroad track.
No one else could play that tune, you knew it was up to me.
As the sun burns on and the smoke drifts away from Black Diamond Bay.
You give me something to think about, baby, every time I see you.
And you find out now you're gonna have to get used to it.
She weighs more by the foot than she does by the inch.
Well, my back's been to the wall so long it seem like it's stuck.
Hear me singing through these tears.
Tell me that it isn't true.
Patriotism, materialism.
She had a face that outshined the sun in the skies.
Well, the hobo got to hide, but he came to me naturally.
My baby told me I would have to go.
I told her I didn't really care, high water everywhere.
Well, you'd be honest with me if only you knew.
And he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife and he always lives pleasant and charming.
I'd a-done anything for that woman if she'd only made me feel obligated.
Adios, mi corazon.
And I need you, ah, yeah.
Won't write it up and make you sign a false confession.
And I would leave so soon that your man won't never know.
"Oh, I'm as good as dead!" cried Reilly.
We ain't paid no whiskey tax since 1792.
I'm sick and tired of the war.
And he was a friend of mine.
Snap out of it, baby. People are jealous of you.
You don't have to be afraid.
Who always has respected her for doing what she did.
And the marshals and cops get the same.
Moving with a simple twist of fate.
I just can't be happy, love, unless you're happy too.
You'll never see me frown.
He gets wise in his own eyes and he's made to believe a lie.
I didn't mean to make you so sad.
About the TV god and all the pain that it invokes.
But most of all she was thinking 'bout the jack of hearts.
Started to hug and kiss him, but there was no bringing him back.
Just then this cop comes down the street, crazy as a loon/
Oh, the history books tell it, they tell it so well:
And, yes, there's something you can send back to me:
There's just one last favor I'll ask of you:
If I got anything you need, babe, let me tell you in front:
A South politician preaches to the poor white man:
The trial was a pig-circus, he never had a chance:
But there's one promise, darling:
Like the sound of a-one hand clapping:
Till I come into New York town:
Just to think that it all began in a noneventful morn:
Oh, there ain't no use in me working all the time:
Yeah, serve somebody:
I'll always a-do my best for her, on that I give my word:
Time is an ocean, but it ends at the shore:
And he was told but these few words, which opened up his heart:
Now, everybody's asking why he didn't adjust:
In harmony with the cosmic sea, true love needs no company:
In that last hour of need we entirely agreed:
No one knew the circumstance, but they say that it happened pretty quick:
Just one condition, you can go to sleep right now:
In Paterson, that's just the way things go:
Yes, indeed, you're gonna have to serve somebody:
But, let me just warn you all before I do pass on:
Walk with a swagger and he say to the bride:
Just to think that it all began on a noneventful morn:
I offered up my innocence, got repaid with scorn:
And Old Howard just pointed off with his gun:
There's just one kind of favor I'll ask of you:
Why you don't never play with me anymore:
Genghis Khan and his brother, Don, couldn't keep on keeping on:
But I finally realize there's no room for regret:
Man is opposed to fair play:
The whole world's a bottle and life's but a dram:
Howard just pointed off a-with his gun:
"Sorry, darling, that I'm late," but he didn't seem to hear:
I'll always do my best for her, on that I give my word:
The moral of the story is very plain to see:
There's a lonesome freight at six o' eight a-coming through the town:
I tell you something, tell you the facts:
But there's one thing I know, though I'm younger than you:
Yes, you're gonna have to serve somebody:
In Paterson, that's the way things go:
Well, it is so obvious that something has changed:
There's a man that hates me and he's swift, smooth, and near:
Answer me, baby - a casual look will do:
Don't you cry and don't you die and don't you burn:
And you'll be fine at the end of the line:
A-go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse:
His epitaph plain:
Try imagining a place where it's always safe and warm:
It's true that in his later years he would not carry a gun:
One of these days you're gonna serve somebody:
And the one-eyed undertaker, he blows a futile horn:
I made a good run, but I run too slow:
Yes, you are, you're gonna have to serve somebody:
Until one day he just appeared with a note in his hand, which read:
If I could only turn back the clock to when God and her were born:
Can't help but wonder what's a-happening to my companions:
I came in from the wilderness a creature void of form:
Now, the history books tell it, they tell it so well:
There's a wall between you--what you want and you got to leap it:
You'll be grand at the end of the line:
And then, "Yeah, I think it can be easily done:
I feel displaced, I got a low-down feeling:
Oh, man is opposed to fair play:
Go to him now, he calls you, you can't refuse:
Hunted like a crocodile, ravaged in the corn:
There are those who worship loneliness, I'm not one of them:
Told her first own father that things weren't right:
Sister, let me tell you about a vision that I saw:
But take a trip before you ship to join the iron gang:
If you cannot overlook my faults, forget me:
It was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun:
I offered up my innocence, I got repaid with scorn:
And I leaned my head and I give a yell:
Serve somebody:
Ohh, he found a promoter, nearly fell on the floor:
Can't help but wonder what's happening to my companions:
Too much of nothing can make a man ill at ease:
And to part from my vows and my promise is more than my heart can endure;
I find complete love;
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street that was a-really shook;
Why only yesterday I saw somebody on the street who just couldn't help but cry;
About everybody that was hanging out;
Outside the crowd was stirring - you could hear it from the door;
Anyone with any sense had already left town;
He would ante up and draw his cards and would you go a hatful blind;
Had to be held down by big police;
All lies and jest;
So many things that we never will undo;
Everybody that was hanging out;
Never robbed any churches, nor cut off any babies' heads;
He asks you with a grin if you're having a good time;
Nobody can get any sleep - you know, there's someone on everybody's toes;
When I am in the darkness, why must you intrude?
What good am I?
Where the sad-eyed prophets say that no man comes?
Was that the thunder that I heard?
Oh, child, why you wanna hurt me?
Ain't it hard to stumble and land in some funny lagoon?
I said I'd send for you and I did - what did you expect?
And when the whistle blows, I got to go - oh, mama, don't you know?
Just what do you think you have to guard?
Why don't you just come out once and scream it?
How long can you falsify and deny what is real?
Do you know them or will there be a fight?
Who's a-gonna hold your hard-luck hand and who's a-gonna be your man?
And what did you hear, my darling young one?
Why do you want it? Who are you, anyway?
Who's a-gonna walk you side by side? Who's a-gonna be your man?
Can you tell me what we're waiting for, Senor?
Pain sure brings out the best in people, doesn't it?
Who's a-gonna kiss your Memphis mouth when I'm out in the wind?
When He rose up from the dead, did they believe?
Are you anybody someone prays for or cries?
Don't you know it--don't you know it hurts me, too?
How many more without any reward?
But, with the truth so far off, what good will it do?
And something is happening here, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Who tied them and why and where must I have been?
Am I ready to lay down my life for the brethren and to take up my cross?
It's a wicked life, but what the hell?
Oh, what would I do if not for you?
And you willingly surrender to me, but, darling will it last?
Oh, mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
Ready, George?
Will He know you when He sees you or will He say, "Depart from Me"?
Across the swamp of time?
One more time for a simple twist of fate?
When he's standing in front of you?
Are you so fast that you cannot see that I must have solitude?
What's happening in there? What's going on in your show?
Before you call him a man?
Is there somebody waiting? Was there a slip of the lip?
The scene is so crazy, wasn't it?
Tell me, tall man, where would you like to be overthrown, in Jerusalem or Argentina?
Ain't it hard to stumble and land in some muddy lagoon?
Do you ever wonder just what God requires?
Who's a-gonna sing to you all day long and not just in the night?
Before he can see the sky?
Don't the ghost-child look good, baby, sitting on this madman's knees?
Didn't I-didn't I try to care?
How many black cats crossed their trail?
Yes, but you know something's happening, it's just that you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Was I still the same? Had I ever became what you wanted me to be?
But where are you tonight, sweet Marie?
When you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain?
Do I understand your question, man, is it hopeless and forlorn?
Hey! Who could your lover be?
But, oh, mama, ain't you gonna miss your best friend now?
Well, you look so pretty in it. Honey, can I jump on it sometime?
And you ask why I don't live here! Honey, how come you have to ask me that?
Well, we all got on, what do you think?
Is it rolling, Bob?
Do I need your permission to turn the other cheek?
What was it you wanted when you were kissing my cheek?
Have they missed you?
To get caught without a ticket and be discovered beneath a truck?
Can't you feel that sun a-shining?
Tell me, will you go back and take another look?
Oh, what did you see, my blue-eyed son?
My voice is gone, man. You wanna try it again?
Did I miss the mark, overstep the line that only you could see?
How long must I keep my eyes glued to the door?
"What God has given to us no man can take away"?
Do you have any secrets that will only come out in time?
Seen a good-looking girl, can I make love with you?
No, I wasn't very cute to him, was I?
Or, sad-eyed lady, should I wait?
Did they know He was the son of God, did they know that He was Lord?
Can't you hear me, baby, rapping on your door?
Or has it died out and melted like the snow?
Do you know my world, do you know my kind, or must I explain?
Why would I want to take your life?
What was it you wanted? Are you talking to me?
Who's gonna let it roll?
Is it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free?
Is there something you needed, something I don't understand?
Where do you look for this hope that you know is there and out there somewhere?
Yes, but, you know something's happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Tomorrow night will you be with me when the moon is bright?
And you know something is happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Where the sad-eyed prophets say that no man's come?
Who's a-gonna walk you side by side and tell you everything's alright?
How long must I suffer such abuse?
Won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Can't you hear that rooster crowing?
Got to start some place, baby. Can you explain?
The changes we put on each other's heads?
Oh, don't you see that crow fly high?
Baby, what more can I tell?
To be stuck here inside of Mobile with the Memphis blues again?
Why did they have to come blow you away?
How long can I listen to the lies of prejudice?
But, what's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?
But am I no longer a part of your plans or your dreams?
Tell me, what are you focused upon?
Something is burning, baby, are you aware?
Didn't I-didn't I try to love you?
Ain't there no one here that knows how I feel?
When He spoke to them in the city, did they hear?
And what'll you do now, my darling young one?
Did I hear someone tell a lie?
Did somebody tell you that you could get it from me?
When they heard him speak in the city, did they hear?
But still something's happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
What will your mother say, Pretty Peggy-O?
Before she sleeps in the sand?
Don't the brakeman look good, baby, flagging down the Double E?
Tears of rage, tears of grief, why am I always the one who must feel the thief?
After he's taken everything he can steal?
You got a way of tearing a world apart. Love, see what you've done?
Am I still dreaming yet?
Did they hear when He told Peter, "Peter, put up your sword"?
Oh, I figured I'd lost you anyway. Why go on? What's the use?
Where do you come from? Where do you go?
Threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you?
You thought it was the best thing I could do?
Ah, how can I live here, baby, Lord, and feel at ease?
Won't you let me in your room one time before I finally disappear?
Will I ever learn that there'll be no peace, that the war won't cease until He returns?
Won't you meet me with another pair?
Don't my gal look fine when she's coming after me?
Did they speak out against Him, did they dare?
When I am in the darkness, why do you intrude?
When men will beg God to kill them and they won't be able to die?
You promised to love me, but what do I see?
But whatever could it be makes you think you've seen me before, Angelina?
Can't you hear that Duquesne whistle blowing?
Poor boy, where you been?
Baby, can I come home with you?
Do you think we can talk about it some more?
'Cause something is happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Is the scenery changing? Am I getting it wrong?
A lover for your life - a-but what more?
Should I hold you close or let you go by?
How many paths did they try and fail?
Who's a-gonna stroke your cold, black hair and sandy-colored skin?
Wallflower, wallflower, won't you dance with me?
What happened to the real you? You've been captured, but by whom?
Will you please tell that to your friend in the cowboy hat?
How many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail?
Who cares?
Someone there in the shadows, someone that I might've missed?
Did you know about Betty Ross?
Be in the palm of some fool's hand?
Oh, why must I fall into the sadness? Do I look like Charles Atlas?
Are you ready for Armageddon? Are you ready for the day of the Lord?
Ain't it just like the night to play tricks when you're trying to be so quiet?
Ever done the opposite of what the experts say?
Now you stand here saying you forgive and forget. Honey, what can I say?
What would life be?
Have you decided whether you wanna be in heaven or in hell?
Now you stand here, why are your fingers going up my sleeve?
Oh, how could you refuse?
Will there be any comfort there, Senor?
"Would you forsake your house and home? Would you forsake your baby?
But where do you live, baby, and where is the light?
That's fine, but she's coming on so strange, can't you tell?
Like a rolling stone?
What good are you anyway if you can't stand up to some old businessman?
Do you need me half as bad as you say or are you just feeling guilt?
And when the whistle blows, I got to go - baby, don't you know?
When you asked me how I was doing, was that some kind of joke?
Yes, and you think something's happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Sara, Sara, whatever made you wanna change your mind?
I do it for you, a-honey baby, can't you tell?
Just how much abuse will you be able to take?
After he's taken everything he could steal?
Didn't I rise above all the most unfortunate circumstances?
Don't the moon look good, mama, shining down through the trees?
Are you ready to meet Jesus? Are you where you oughtta be?
What do you think about that, my friend?
Put your hand on my head, baby, do I have a temperature?
Who are you that I should have to lie?
Can they tell you what's wrong from what's right?
Will it lead me to glory or lead me to disgrace?
Before he can hear people cry?
Yes, but something's happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
She say, "You can't repeat the past." I say, "You can't?
With the one who tries to hide what he don't know to begin with?
Alberta, what's on your mind?
Shining like some diamonds, like some diamonds in the sky?
How'm I supposed to get any riding done?
Am I ready?
Oh, sister, am I not a brother to you?
When He said, "Pick up your bed and walk!", why must you criticize?
Why was it so hard for you, if you didn't wanna be with me, just to leave?
When did you leave heaven, angel mine?
Who is he, baby, and what's he to you?
How does it feel?
Where you blew Jackie P.'s mind?
How you willingly surrender to me, but, darling, will it last?
But, something is happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
What's wrong with you this time?
Lincoln County Road or Armageddon?
What can I give to You?
Before they're allowed to be free?
Why didn't you just leave me if you didn't want to stay?
Am I supposed to set back and wait until he's here?
Of everything you see?
Can't you hear that motor turning?
Something is happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
"Remember that murder that you--happened in a bar?
Before it's washed to the sea?
Something is happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Why must you always try to make me over?
Is that the heat of the beat of your pulse that I feel?
And who did you meet, my darling young one?
Please, Mrs. Henry, won't you take me to your dad?
Crime was murder one and guess who testified?
Was she a child or an angel? Did we go too far?
When He healed the blind and crippled, did they see?
Remember in El Paso once you shot one?
But how long, babe, can you search for what is not lost?
And I was born to be with you, you were born to be my bride?
Why should we go on watching each other through a telescope?
When did you leave heaven?
Can you cook and sew, make flowers grow, do you understand my pain?
Why and what's the reason for?
Who are these people that are walking towards you?
For all these earthly things?
How come you get someone like him to be your guard?
Could I been used and played as a pawn?
Did you ever hear that coffin sound?
Just what in the world has come over you?
My best friend said, "Now, didn't I warn you?
Ooh, I can't stand it, I can't stand it, what are you trying to prove?
Are you ready for the judgment? Are you ready for that terrible, swift sword?
Or just another song that's in my heart to linger on?
Blinds pulled down, what you gonna do?
Is it some kinda game that you're playing with my heart?
How could they ever mistake you?
How can I live here, baby, Lord, and feel at ease?
Do you lay in your bed? Do you stare at the stars?
"Oh, what are those hills yonder, my love?
Oh, where have you been, my blue-eyed son?
You say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice?
Before it is washed to the sea?
How weak was the foundation I was standing upon?
Don't you remember making baby love?
Who's a-gonna look you straight in the eye and hold your bad-luck hand?
Oh, can it be that I am slain?
Will you let me be myself or is your love in vain?
Why should I worry or crave you in vain?
Saying, "Are you Frankie Lee, the gambler, whose father is deceased?
Well, how often's a man dance to the beat of the palm?
Yes, now you're positive something's happening and you wish you knew what it was, don't you, Mr. Jones?
What is it that you're trying to achieve, girl?
Oh, where are you tonight?
Tomorrow night will you remember what you said tonight?
Tell me, mama, tell me, mama, tell me, mama, what is it?
Do you love me or are you just extending goodwill?
Will it come to me after you're gone?
Do you have any faith at all? Do you have any love to share?
Tell me, are those rock-and-roll dreams in your eyes?
Is the love in your heart for me turning blind?
He says, "Young man, is your name Brown?
Across the swooping plain?
"Oh, how can-how can you ask me again?
What are you trying to overpower me with, a doctrine or a gun?
Is there any truth in that, Senor?
Dark beauty, won't you move over and give me some room?
Who killed Davey Moore?
How much do I know, to talk out of turn?
Does he change the course of rivers?
What was it you wanted? Could you say it again?
How many more can they afford?
What's a sweetheart like you doing in a dump like this?
What's happening, baby, to make you act so strange?
Just pointed out Stack-A-Lee, said, "Now what have you done?
Well, I risked my neck for you. Didn't I take chances?
No use to apologize, what difference would it make?
Are you thinking for yourself or are you following the pack?
What makes the wind wanna blow tonight?
But who among them really wants just to kiss you?
You never know what you got till it's gone?
How long are we gonna be riding?
How come you don't send me no regards?
Where did you lose your wings?
Raspberry, strawberry, lemon, and lime - what do I care?
You ever feel like you're never alone even when there's nobody else around?
Now, what you wanna go and do that for?
How long's it gonna take for you to get off the edge?
Let me ask you one question: Is your money that good?
"If I had his money, I'd do things my way"?
What's your position, baby? What's going on?
To show me I was blinded, to show me I was gone?
Who among them, do you think, would employ you?
You're never, never, never coming back-i-O?
If I've had every chance and yet still fail to see?
Must everybody bow?
"What are those hills yonder, my love?
Ain't that just like my heart, babe, when you kiss my lips?
How could they let you go?
What did you hear, my blue-eyed son?
Tomorrow night will all the thrill be gone?
And you know something's happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Is the whole thing going backwards? Are they playing our song?
Ever meet your accusers face-to-face in the rain?
To wait upon him hand and foot, yet always answer "no"?
Who among them could think he could outguess you?
You threw the bums a dime in your prime, didn't you?
Ah, has anybody seen my love?
When the truth's in our hearts and we still don't believe?
Was I a fool or not to protect your real identity?
Did you ever have a dream that you couldn't explain?
Cobwebs in your mind, dust upon your eyes?
Something that's crossed over from another century?
Why am I walking? Where am I running?
If you can read my mind, why must I speak?
How many compared to yesterday?
Think you'd like to play ball with the law?
Would you remind me again, if you'd be so kind?
Let's take a chance - who really cares?
Did you ever hear them church bells toll?
Are you willing to risk it all or is your love in vain?
Through a hole in the wall to where the long arm of the law cannot reach?
Delia, oh, Delia, how can it be?
But, oh, what kind of love is this, which goes from bad to worse?
Who's gonna let it down easy to save his soul?
Gal, where you been so long?
After he's taken anything he can steal?
What's anybody indebted to him for?
Alright, I'll set you straight, can't you see I'm a union man?
Why'd you have to treat me so bad? Did it have to be that way?
Don't the brakeman look good, mama, flagging down the Double E?
With the drumsticks in his pants?
Just like a rolling stone?
Tough mama, can I blow a little smoke on you?
Oh, won't you come see me, Queen Jane?
Because something is happening here, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
Yes, because you know something is happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
To lie in the gutter and die with no name?
My back's to the wall: where can I run?
Oh, what did you meet, my blue-eyed son?
And what'll you do now, my blue-eyed son?
Are you the same person that was here before?
The love that a stranger might receive?
Ever gone broke in a big way?
Was it me that shot him down in the cantina?
Oh, what dear daughter would--'neath the sun--would treat her father so?
If there's anyone that knows, is there anyone that cares?
And you ask why I don't live here! Honey, do you have to ask?
Does anyone even try?
How's everything in heaven?
Did you respect me for what I did?
Trying to kill somebody or die trying?
Where did you hide your halo?
When I'm out in the wind, babe, when I'm out in the wind?
Can I come home with you?
If I clean up, sweet mama, can I stay all night with you?
Will it buy you forgiveness? Do you think that it could?
Baby, is there anything left to tell?
Whatever you wanted, what can it be?
And you ask why I don't live here! Honey, how come you don't move?
Well, look it here, buddy, you wanna be like me?
Ain't there no one here that knows where I'm at?
Saying, "Christ, do I gotta be like that?
'Steada turning her back to my face?
But why did they pick you to sympathize with their side?
But something is happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
When you gonna wake up, strengthen the things that remain?
With the rain blowing in your hair, oh?
If you're so hurt, why then don't you show it?
Now, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?
Why don't you look my way and pump me a few?
Why is the light in your eyes nearly gone?
All their earthly principles they're gonna have to abandon?
When He rose from the dead, did they believe?
But something is happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
And one deserving of affection?
Don't the sun look good going down over the sea?
You think He's just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires?
Was it my hand that held the gun?
How much poison did they inhale?
Please, Mrs. Henry, won't you take me to my room?
To be stuck inside of Mobile with the Memphis blues again?
Won't you meet me out in the moonlight alone?
Won't you bury my body out on Highway 51?
When you asked me how I was doing, was that some kinda joke?
To love and follow His direction?
When you cease to exist, then who will you blame?
Did they know right then and there what that power was worth?
To be hunted by the man who was your friend?
Why are your eyes just staring off in the night?
Tell me, is that my name in your book?
And what did you see, my darling young one?
But something is happening here and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
But, don't my gal look fine when she's coming after me?
If You find it in Your heart, can I be forgiven?
Why wait any longer for no need to complain?
Remember you said you saw the getaway car?
Or for what I didn't do? Or for keeping it hid?
And you, just what do you do anyway? Ain't there nothing you can say?
Have you got some unfinished business? Is there something holding you back?
Why run any longer when you're running in vain?
But am I still dreaming yet?
Won't you let me see your smile before I turn you loose?
Who ever thought they'd ever make that stick?
The crime was murder one, guess who testified?
Well, you wear it so pretty. Honey, can I jump on it sometime?
But who did I see but the one I love?
Tomorrow night would you say those lovely things you said tonight?
Who you thought you were talking to?
If I kiss you, would it be a sin?
If it's not that, then what is it you're trying to conceal?
How can I live for You?
In this space I'm taking, in this air I'm inhaling?
You know I want your loving. Honey, why are you so hard?
This couple they got married, so why not you and me?
Is it something comes natural? Is it easy to say?
How many tomorrows have they given away?
Why did He slip away to a quiet place instead?
What has he done to wear so many scars?
And pretend that he just doesn't see?
Tears of rage, tears of grief, why I'm always the one who must feel a thief?
Can you get back in?
Can I cast it aside, all this loyalty and this pride?
Why wait any longer for the world to begin?
Why should we needlessly suffer?
Do you have any morals? Do you have any point of view?
What made them want to come and blow you away?
To blur the focus of my mind and keep my isolated?
Has anybody seen my love?
They call me a bummer and a gin sot, too, but what cares I for praise?
Baby, can't you tell?
When what's lost has been found, what's to come has already been?
Yes, because something is happening and you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
What was it you wanted? Do I have it here in my hand?
Greasy kid stuff. What I want to know, Mr. Football Man, is what do you do about Willy Mays? Martin Luther King? Olatunji?
If I can't help falling in love with you?
Where were you when it started? Do you want it for free?
Oh, so why not you and me?
Oh, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?
Where the sad-eyed prophet says that no man comes?
And the mercy that you showed to me - who ever would have guessed?
"Remember that murder that happened in a bar?
Do you think I still got what you still got, baby?
Can you tell me who to contact here, Senor?
What can I do for You?
Does that fire still burn? Does that flame still glow?
In the words that I'm writing, in this ocean of hours I'm all the time drinking?
You promised to love me, but what do I know?
Is that a smile that I see on your face?
Senor, Senor, do you know where she's hiding?
What?
And where have you been, my darling young one?
But does anyone hear the music they play?
Oh, who do they think could bury you?
Does he pollute the moon and stars?
Ain't that the way it oughtta be?
How come you send someone out to have me barred?
She said, 'Hey, man, you crazy or something?
By golly, what more can I say?
How long can you hate yourself for the weakness you conceal?
Honey, why not go alone, just you and me?
And how does it feel?
That too many people have died?
Alright, so, where are you tonight, sweet Marie?
Before they're forever banned?
Adjust to what? A dream that bust?
Won't you descend from the throne from where you sit?
How long can I stay drunk on fear out in the wilderness?
Too many people have died?
Well, the [incomprehensible] in my soul, why was it created?
Why don't you know you got nothing to prove?
How can you say he will haunt you?
Don't the moon look good, honey, shining through the trees?
Are you ready?
Don't you understand it's not my problem?
Have I surrendered to the will of God or am I still acting like the boss?
How deep must I go? Where do I start?
But, don't my gal look fine when she's chasing after me?
And something is happening, but you don't know what it is, do you, Mr. Jones?
I humbled myself to her beauty: "Fair maiden, where do you belong?
After he's taken everything that he can steal?
Why don't you break my heart one more time just for good luck?
Have you ever heard them church bells toll?
Has the record been breaking? Did the needle just skip?
After he took from you everything he could steal?
When they came for Him in the garden, did they know?
When you can't even sense has it got any insides?
But what's the sense of changing horses in midstream?
Am I mixed up too much? Am I mixed up too hard?
But is your heart made out of stone, or is it lime, or is it just solid rock?
Don't the moon look good, mama, shining through the trees?
So I can know if I'm really real?
Yes, and you, you just sit around and ask for ashtrays. Can't you reach?
Who am I helping? What am I breaking?
Who would deliver him from the death he's bound to die?
What else can a poor boy do?
Will I be able to count on you or is your love in vain?
Did I hear someone's distant cry?
Is your main friend someone who's an old, known acquaintance of ours?
I seen better times, but who has not?
And because time was on his side and because I
'Cause time was on his side and because I
This feeling that I
[incomprehensible]
She [incomprehensible]
I'll take all the smog in Ca-li-for-ni-a
It was put together down in Argentina
The storms are raging on the rolling sea
You have to pay to get outta
Well, the dog collar's from India
I'd have you to follow your own, true love whenever he goes to sea
"I've just returned from the salt, salt sea
Well, by this time I was fed up at trying to make a stab
And pensively stood by his tomb
When questioned who had sent for him he answered with his thumb
Wasn't thinking of anything specific
Oh, when all of your advisers heave their plastic
Well, I waited for you inside of the frozen traffic
When your [incomprehensible] all advisers heave their plastic
In the early morning rain with a dollar in my hand
I still can remember the way that you smiled
I will not go down under the ground
The doors to your cage shall be decked with gold
You need the time to make amends and stay behind
I'll always thank the Lord
--Arthur Dexter Bradley and Bello and they both lied
Silvio, silver and gold
Yes, and I just gotta tell you I do intend
I's out there painting on the old woodshed
Somebody seen him hanging around
He was a clean-cut kid
I can't help it if you might think I am odd
He fills his glasses up to the brim and he'll pass the cards around
He wagged his tail and shook his head
There ain't nothing in this world
'Cause I never had too much money and I never been quite satisfied
My eyes collide head-on with stuffed
Used to run in the cemetery, dance and run and sing when I was a child
So, the mining gates locked and the red iron rotted
Now, he's hell-bent for destruction, he's afraid and confused
But something has changed
We'll drink tequila where our grandfathers stayed
That he'd always make sure I'd understand
And they laid him down in the jail-house ground
Covenant woman got a contract with the Lord
Yet on time you depend, and no word is possessed
Throw my letters in the sand 'cause you got to understand
And I'll watch while you're lowered down to your deathbed
Yes, you got your steam drill, now you're looking for some kid
There was no jewels, no nothing! I felt I've been had
The changes I was going through can't even be used
Drink tequila where our grandfathers stayed
Once I had mountains in the palm of my hand
Yes, and how many times must a man turn his head
The savage soldier sticks his head in sand
And that the strings in the books ain't pulled and persuaded
And you hide in your mansion while the young people's blood
You try so hard, but you don't understand
Yes, and I just got to tell you that I do intend
I want you, baby, just to understand
Maybe I'd'a done some good in the world
And those whom doom and death had spared
But there's violence in the eyes, girl, so let us not be enticed
While some, on principles baptized
As I stand upon the sand
Its iron claws attached
But she ain't gonna find the road
Who invited me to her house. I went, but she had a friend
With a penny knife that she held in her hand
It might be tough for a while, but consider the child
But now something has changed
I can't help it if you might think that it's odd
It's a restless, hungry feeling that don't mean no one no good
All I remember about it was-is Gregory Peck and the way that people moved
He look so righteous while your face is so changed
Either from the mountains of Madrid
Please get out of the new one if you can't lend your hand
'Cause somebody tells me that death's coming 'round
Please get outta the new one if you can't lend a hand
You used--be so proud
And the tide will sound and the waves will pound
"Oh, don't you see my own heart's blood
To see him obviously framed
I'll give you more gold than your apron can hold
With your holy medallion in your fingertips now that fold
You took my reality and cast it to the wind
Wish I was back in the city instead of this old bank of sand
Just like you always said, there was something about me you liked
Fifty-two gypsies now file past the guard
Just Louise and her lover so entwined
I thought that it was well-understood
Yonder down here in this lonely crowd
You used to be so amused
Well, he's hell-bent for destruction, he's afraid and confused
In another lifetime, she must have owned the world or been faithfully wed
"Equality". I spoke the word
You got a lotta nerve to say you are my friend
And things would be different the next time we wed
I live in another world
For he that gets hurt will be he who has stalled
I musta been mad, I never knew what I had
And the words that are used for to get the ship confused
For what you sold that's not been received
Roving gambler, he was very bored
So I'll make my stand
The silent night will shatter from the sounds inside my mind
Now, Jack, he's gone a-sailing with trouble on his mind
Now yonder stand with me in this lonely crowd
Now, the roving gambler, he was very bored
When all - all of the bandits you have commissioned
Just what you had in mind
Many times I've often prayed
But you meant more than everything and I could not pretend
She let go of my hand
In the fury of the moment I can see the master's hand
His closest friends were black men 'cause they seemed to understand
Just surrender to God and He'll move you right here where you stand
They took a clean-cut kid
And that even the nobles get properly handled
Turtle, that friend of hers with his checks all forged
But love grows old and waxes cold
Nobody has to guess that a-baby can't be blessed
On the wheels of fire, but will offer no reward
"Well, I remember seeing some ad
And now I stand here looking at your yellow railroad
But hope's just a word that maybe you said and maybe you heard
Well, I'll do anything in this God-Almighty world
As he saw me leap a hot-dog stand and a chariot that stood
Hmm, but little they know, hmm, it's so hard to find
He never had enough money to pay his room or board
'Cause I love you more than all of that with a love that doesn't bend
He thought they were successful, she thought they were blessed
Well, I never been to heaven, but I've been told
I waited for you on the running boards near the cypress tree while the springtime turned
Noticing not that I'd already slipped
Well, a childish dream is a deathless need
Now, you know, nothing was delivered
There's a million dreams gone, there's a landscape being raped
Then came the warning that was before the flood
Just carry yourself back to me unspoiled
Well, I don't know, but I've been told
There was no jewels, no nothing! I felt I'd been had
Then, onward in my journey, I come to understand
The poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
You hide in your mansion while the young people's blood
But all that suffering was not to be compared
It's something you did
Through the city's melted furnace, unexpectedly we watched
Yes, and how many times can a man turn his head
So, when you see your neighbor carrying something, help him with his load
In a soldier's stance I aimed my hand
Yes, and I just gotta tell you that I do intend
If there's a traveller on this road, then let him have my load
When all the clowns that you have commissioned
Even though a cloud's white curtain in a far-off corner flared
Did I lose my mind when I tried to get rid
Everything stays down where it's wounded
It's a restless, hungry feeling and it don't mean no one no good
If you're making love to her, kiss for the kid
You will seek me and you'll find me in the wasteland of your mind
I had to say something to strike him very weird
Nothing was delivered
In the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground
Seen the arrow on the door-post saying this land is condemned
Then the padre will recite the prayers of old
I hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed
But it's trapped on your tongue and sealed in your head
Down here next to me in this lonely crowd
And old homes, scenes of my childhood
By no special friend
Please get outta the new one if you can't lend your hand
How many times can a man turn his head
I immediately tried to cool it with her dad
We live in a political world
Now, whenever I get up and
The enemy is subtle: how be it we're deceived
Then time will tell just who has fell and who's been left behind
And into the path you are hurled
Now you don't seem so proud
And I turn my head back to the room where my love and I have laid
If there's a traveller on the road, then let him have my load
Well, the last thing I remember before I stripped and kneeled
Yes, I'll do anything in this God-Almighty world
Then time will tell who has fell and who's been left behind
"It's all been designed," he said, "to make you lose your mind
I stole away and cried, I stole away and cried
Nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed
What I got ain't painful, it's just bound to kill me dead
Maybe someday you will understand
And the sands will roll out a carpet of gold
Now you don't act so--so proud
All the sweethearts you can hold
Down their ditches for a thousand years the sparkling water rushed
Sixteen years, sixteen banners united
Poor little chauffeur, though, she was back in bed
Now, when all the clowns that you have commissioned
And he just walked along alone with his guilt so well-concealed
I run right home and I went to bed
Now, a very great man once said
The door to the dressing room burst open and a Colt revolver clicked
He looked so baffled and so bewildered
Now, the teen-preacher looked so baffled when I asked him why he dressed
A-nobody has to guess that baby can't be blessed
The clouds are turning crimson, the leaves fall from the limbs, and
Standing on the water, casting your bread
And then you told me later as I apologized
With a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd
Things would be different the next time we wed
Well, I been in jail where all the mail showed
Dreams where the umbrella is folded
I've been walking around
And your trouble is you know it too good
Mr. Empire sits up as high as a bird
And like a fool I mixed 'em and it strangled up my mind
The man the authorities came to blame
From the crossroads of my doorstep my eyes begin to fade
I'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange
And he always is blessed with a charming, young wife
You say you're looking for someone
There's lots of pretty girls in Mozambique
It's getting dark, too dark to see
Smoke is in your eyes, you draw a smile
"Oh, daughter, oh, daughter, your body I will confine
Con you into thinking that you're the one
Should I leave them by your gate
Why wait any longer for the one you love
All my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime
And his holdings are in Texas and his name is Diamond Joe
You'll know all about it, love, it'll fit you like a glove
You just pick anyone
Got a long, black feeling and it's hard to trace
Now, when the captain, he heard the news, well, he too fell in a rage
And wrap it up in a sailor's knot and hide it in your case
I rode with him in a taxi once
I was listening to the voices of death on parade
In the clearing stands a boxer and a fighter by his trade
Suddenly I turned around and she was standing there
Princess on the steeple and all pretty people
Well, they take him and they teach him and they groom him for life
For they're deep and they're wide and the world's on its side
Yep, she promised that she'd be right there with me
But I can get another one
It was all very, very painless when you ran out to receive
The bakery truck stops outside of that fence
If dogs run free, then what must be
To push fake morals, insult, and stare
From the crossroads of my doorstep my eyes start to fade
Well, the last I heard of Arab, he was stuck on a whale
One look at his face showed the hard road he'd come
Well, six white horses that you did promise
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how ofttimes I repine
Now, his nurse, some local loser, she's in charge of the cyanide hole
And handed out strongly for penalty and repentance
Better stay away from those
Oh, can't you see that you were born to stand by my side
How many ears must one man have
So happy just to be alive underneath the sky of blue
Throw my troubles out the door, I don't need them anymore
Remember me to one who lives there
Who just cleaned up all the food from the table
Oh, the French girl, she's in paradise
First, we wash our feet near the immortal shrine
Got the message this morning, the one that was sent to me
So I look like a walking mountain range
Three bodies lying there does Patty see
The gypsy's door was open wide, but the gypsy was gone
If you're looking to get silly, you better go back to from where you came
The crashing waves roll over me
Maybe someday you will look back and see
That she's the same one
Come gather 'round, friends, and I'll tell you a tale
See the primitive wallflower freeze
Till one morning's wake the bed, it was bare
I waited in the hallway, she went to get it, and I tried to make sense
But the first it bent and then it broke
A bed that is never mine
I'm an old boll weevil looking for a home
Let me know, babe, all about my fortune
Just pick anyone
Gypsy queens will play your grand finale
And the boat drifts onto the shoreline
Mona tried to tell me
The tall, dark man who rode by his side
Knows there's no success like failure
Puts both of his hands in the pockets of chance
Blue moon, you saw me standing alone
But I feel nothing for their game
A thousand miles from home and he never harmed no one
The pangs of your sadness will pass as your senses will rise
Suddenly I'm like crawled up in my side
You're not free to belong to me
Taking care of somebody nice
I've been wondering all about me
I owe my heart to you and that's saying it true
She been gone
Hunger pays a heavy price
Blue moon, now, I'm no longer alone
I am homeless, come and take me
So up she picked her babies three
You'll know everything I know down below and up above
Looking at his hands for the lines that were
Found a note she'd left behind, but he could not concentrate
It was raining from the first and I was dying there of thirst, so I came in here
Just then a bolt of lightning struck the courthouse out of shape
Lies that life is black-and-white
This old airport's got me down, it's no earthly good to me
When the rain is blowing in your face
It's all new to me
From all the plans they do pursue
"Well, are you weeping for your house and home
As soon as you're awake, you're trained to take
Little did I realize
And I ain't complaining none
Looking at hands for the lines that were
Now, they take him and they teach him and they groom him for life
Who carried the dishes and took out the garbage
A girl who would murder her own, true love
And that is that one must always flush out his house
At dawn my lover comes to me
As he rises to fame
In the days of old, in the days of gold, how oftentimes I repine
If your memory serves you well, you'll remember you're the one
If dogs run free, why not we
I's taught and brought up there the laws to abide
So, I called up the operator of time
When Reilly's daughter got a message
And her silver-studded phantom cause
I said, "Sometime, not all the time." Then my neighbor, he blew his nose
Leaving men wholly, totally free
When that steamboat whistle blows, I'm gonna give you all I got to give
And never sat once at the head of the table
Well, I gave to you my heart, my bed, and treasure
It's turned away from the door to wander some more
I was standing on the steps feeling most alone
While them that defend what they cannot see
When you're lagging behind and losing your pace
Most of the time I can't even be sure
Up into some paradise
Some pretty, little girl in Cornersville
While his genocide fools and his friends rearrange
I can survive and I can endure
And it ain't on that dim-lit stage
Then sends out for the doctor, who pulls down the shade
And the names of the heroes I was made to memorize
I peeked behind the picture frame
With your sheets like metal and your belt like lace
I'm sure you're the one to blame
You cut to the core
"That I might be gone a long, old time
Don't hurt me none, it don't hurt my pride
And the dirt of gossip blows into my face
Well, sometimes you're as sweet as anybody wanna be
Beauty walks on a razor's edge, someday I'll make it mine
Smoke gets in your eyes, you draw the smile
Well, there was this movie I seen one time
For the lies that I told her in hope not to lose
I been wondering all about me
King Kong, little elves in the rooftops, they dance
With no attempts to shovel the glimpse
Just what you will say when you get home
There were times when I was so lonesome
But I'm too over the edge and I ain't in the mood anymore
But I learned to accept it, accept it with pride
She should've caught me in my prime, she would've stayed with me
Yes, and how many ears must one man have
I've heard newborn babies wailing like a mourning dove
You could almost think that you're seeing double
The constant scapegoat, she was easily undone
I'm ready for to fade
And here I sit so patiently waiting to find out what price
When the roses fade
The cause was there before we came
And a longtime, golden-haired stripper onstage
And your deck of cards missing the jack and the ace
With all memory and fate
Me with my belt wrapped around my head and you just sitting there
You'll never know the hurt I've suffered, nor the pain I'd rise above
You into thinking you're the one
From the Golden Gate Bridge
The same hand that led me through seas most severe
City fathers, they're trying to endorse
Frog went a-courting and a-he did ride
I can't recall a useful thing you ever did for me
The air is thick and heavy all along the levee
And through the roar and smoke the string, it finally broke
I have seen you standing in the smoky haze
Puts his both hands in the pockets of chance
One thing for sure: there ain't no cure
One evening for pleasure I rambled to view the fair fields all alone
Full of hope and desire
He was well connected, but her heart was a snare
Redeemed men who have escaped from the noose
But I can't think for you, you'll have to decide
Among the lovely people living free
I don't know if I'm smart, but I think I can see
Well, it's all new to me
Though its shadow's metal badge
And I'll never know the same about you, your holiness, or your kind of love
Don't even remember what her lips felt like on mine
Nor is it my intentions to sound a battle charge
While one who sings with his tongue on fire
She dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate
And the names of the heroes I's made to memorize
Say he outta step with reality as you try to test his nerve
What about that millionaire
"Oh, father, you will surely die
Oh, the farmers and the businessmen, they all did decide
She plunged him into well water where
Took a hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive
Beauty walks a razor's edge, someday I'll make it mine
And you see why it's so unique to be
That called on me to call on them to get you your favors done
He tried his best to talk, but his mouth could hardly move
But, when the shadowy sun sets on the one
Just for a while 'cause they know it's in style
You'll never know the hurt I suffered, nor the pain I'd rise above
Should I put them by your gate
"For a soldier, he leads a very fine life
But I wouldn't feel too all alone
And after a rocking, reeling, rolling ride
You should be made to be wearing a telephone
Where I could watch her waltz for free
On the rising curve
Everybody's wearing a disguise
There's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage
Wasn't looking for any special assistance
Breaking a-hearts up and down the line
And like Pharaoh's tribe they'll be drownded in the tide
"Well, I thought when I was there, Lord, what am I doing here
What good am I then to others and me
But, as he turned to leave, he called his mother close
And plenty time for good romance
From the start by the rule
Breaking hearts up and down the line
Then you better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone
So I remember every face
And if you hear vague traces of skipping reels of rhyme
All hazards and dangers we barter on chance
You know, it's not even safe no more
From the crossroads of my doorsteps my eyes, they begin to fade
Got killed by a blow, lay slain by a cane
But it won't be over till they clear his name
You smiling through the fence at me
She knows there's no success like failure
Man thinks, 'cause he rules the earth, he can do with it as he please
There's a neon light ablaze in a green, smoky haze
But I can't say I sympathize
Now, when the other sailors heard the news, well, they fell into a rage
They say that patriotism is the last refuge
It's a mighty long ways from the Golden Gate
Yeah, but I wouldn't feel too all alone
For you've only the lend of them as I suppose
By His power I've been lifted, in His love I am secure
I see the hungry clouds up above your face
Feel to moan, but unlike before
The geometry of innocent flesh on the bone
I gaze into the doorway of temptation's angry flame
She dropped a coin into the cup above a blind man at the gate
Just being next to you is a natural thing for me
And the Negro's name
Well, I've heard newborn babies wailing like a mourning dove
I don't even notice she gone
Limited in sex they dare
Push fake morals, insult, and stare
I got to know, babe: will you surround me
You cannot depend on it to be your guide
What you're gonna say when you get home
So happy just to see you smile underneath the sky of blue
I was born and brought up there all the laws to abide
Suddenly I turned around, she was standing there
Are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise
Yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong, deadly foe
There was someone in my body that I could hardly see
And I'm just the same as anyone else
Rather be in some lonely hollow where the sun don't ever shine
Remember me to the one who lives there
For making your prayers known unto heaven for me
If dogs run free, why not me
Tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole
Where the trout streams flow and the air is nice
What's probably got you baffled more
No, no, no, it ain't me, babe
The ghost of 'lectricity howls in the bones of her face
To give the special one you seek a chance
Like a slave in orbit, he's beaten till he's tame
It'll be with me unto the grave
While Arthur Dexter Bradley's still in the robbery game
Says it's closing time
Then you're gone and then all I seem to recall is the smell of perfume
Took a stranger to teach me to look into justice's beautiful face
Saying, "Take good care of your daddy while I'm gone
I do declare
At the corrida we'll sit in the shade
Now, I got a friend who spends his life
With the mystery tramp, but now you realize
And I would send a message
The driver peeks out, trying to find one face
Waiting to find out what price
The city fathers, they're trying to endorse
But the dark does die
Then they bring them to the factory where the heart-attack machine
Is strapped across their shoulders and then the kerosene
All I feel is heat and flame
You said you'd never compromise
Way down in yonder shady grove a man of high degree
To show you something you seen before
If your memory serves you well, I was going to confiscate your lace
"It's only you that he does crave
They say don't come back no more
We see this empty cage now corrode
How was I to know you'd be the one
And suddenly there appeared before me
He'll see by his grave
When I'm all alone
Oh, trust yourself
I know you're gonna think this song is just a riff
When she said, "Don't waste your words, they're just lies," I cried she was deaf
Graveyards, false goals, I scuff
Trust yourself
Everybody sees hisself
Graveyards and false goals, I scuff
And the seagulls, they'll be a-smiling
Oh, the lines are long and the fighting is strong
The order is rapidly fading
But it's like I'm stuck inside a painting
My faith keeps me alive, but I still be weeping
As I look around this world, all that I'm finding
I'd forever talk to you, but soon my words, they would turn into a meaningless ring
Well, he rode all night till the broad daylight till he came to a river raging
May your heart always be joyful and may your song always be sung
And I'll know the wind blows snowing
She rode by night and came by morning
Every time I think about him now, lord, I just can't keep from crying
When the sad, silent song made the hour twice as long
For your weary toes to be a-touching
But I know that you know that I know that you show something
Wedding bells ring and angels sing
'Cause sometimes you hear 'em when the night times come creeping
Beyond here lies nothing
And you can't-you remember for the best of your thinking
And swear-words and sneering and his tongue, it was snarling
The battle outside raging
And the room smelled heavy from drinking
Oftentimes he could be seen returning
And my schooling was cut as I quit in the spring
The drag lines and the shovels, they was humming
Early in the morning, early in the morning
Well, this silk dress is from Hong Kong
A-there's a-nothing in here that's a-moving
And the sands on the shoreline will be shaking
They're drinking up and walking
There's nothing in here moving
It's not a bad way to make a living
And the cards are no good that you're holding
You say to yourself, "Just what am I doing
Done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long
And the seagulls, they'll be smiling
At a Baltimore hotel society gathering
I glanced at my guitar and played it, pretending
For one thing for certain, you will surely be a-hurting
For your weary toes to be touching
And swear-words and sneering and his tongue, it was a-snarling
Well, the moral of the story, the moral of this song
Oh, the gentlemen are talking
It sets my a-heart a-reeling
I know that you know that I know that you show something
Hey, hey, Woody Guthrie, I wrote you a song
And I know that you know that I know that you show something
And there's no telling who that it's naming
Where the time and the tempo drag
Oh, your love comes on so strong and I've waited all day long
And the shoreline sands will be shaking
Only yesterday I know that you've been flirting
But, oh, what a wonderful feeling
The order is a-rapidly fading
She said, "I know what you're thinking, but there ain't a thing
Deceived me into thinking
May you build a ladder to the stars and climb on every rung
If I was with her too long
You left me standing in the doorway crying
And the sounds of the night, they made my ears ring
Now, every boy and girl's gonna get their bang
Every time I hear his name, lord, I just can't keep from crying
Yes, and only if my own true love was waiting
What am I saying? What am I knowing
And there's no telling a-who that it's naming
With your childhood flames on your midnight rug
Well, I set my monkey on the log
But the soldiers on our convict ship were full five hundred strong
It was known all around that Lily had Jim's ring
Man was saying something 'bout children when they're young
I can hear their hearts a-beating
I've escaped death so many times I know I'm only living
Please see for me if her hair's hanging long
'Cause the battle outside raging
The seasons, they are turning and my sad heart is yearning
But then a whistle will be blowing
She wakes him up forty-eight hours later, the sun is breaking
By this time I'd'a thought that I would be sleeping
Oh, yes, I've done laid around, done stayed around this old town too long
Through a bullet of light her face was reflecting
Look out, the saints are coming through
I have fallen far beneath
And you figured you failed in yesterday's rush
The ship is waiting and the wind blows high
Then she told us how times were tough
Girls' faces formed the forward path
And how I know I'll make it through
Can they imagine the darkness that will fall from on high
I coulda stopped it in the eighth
The fishes will laugh as they swim out of the path
I'm singing you the song, but I can't sing enough
Oh, the fishes will laugh as they swim out of the path
You go north and you go south
When you were faked out and fooled while facing a four flush
Betrayed by a kiss on a cool night of bliss in the valley of a missing link
Twilight on the frozen lake, a north wind about to break
Six big horses and a rubber-tired hack
Shoot in the back
Till a man come to speak and he said in one week
There's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back
Who immediately walks up to you when he hears you speak
It can pierce through dust no matter how thick
He looked into her eyes when she stopped him to ask
"And I could not help but think through the thunder-rolling stink
The only decent thing I did when I worked as a postal clerk
Her voice once and talk
You glance through the mirror and there's eyes staring clear at the back of your head as you drink
Who walks up to you when he hears you speak
One time in London I'd gone out for a walk
Make everything from toy guns that spark
But the magician is quicker and his game is much thicker than blood and blacker than ink
Well, there ain't no going back
In the wee hours of youth, my mother took sick
But they caught him and they brought him back
I wish she'd unlock
You turn around to take a final peek
You know you can't keep her and the water gets deeper that is leading you onto the brink
Disillusioned words like bullets bark
Fools making laws for the breaking of jaws and the sound of the keys as they clink
When the ship all of a sudden, it sprung a leak
Mercury rules you and destiny fools you like the plague with a dangerous wink
Now, I didn't mean to be nosy, but I went into a bank
Past a place called Hyde Park where people talk
The man in me will do nearly any task
And remember when you're out there trying to heal the sick
But it's all been done before, it's all been written in the book
Then the Greek appears on the second floor in his bare feet with a rope around his neck
Now, the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk
Disillusioned words like a-bullets bark
Oh, these costly beads around my neck
And me, I nearly got busted - and wouldn't it be my luck
You fight for the throne and you travel alone, unknown as you slowly sink
You're a hard worker, baby, but I know you well
Well, Frankie Lee, he trembled. He soon lost all control
She fell in love with a sailor boy, it's true she loved him well
Oh, how does it feel
There soon came a horrible, dying yell
There's no one to write to the blue-eyed girl
And the National Bank at a profit sells road-maps for the soul
I'm gazing out the window of the St. James Hotel
As his fist, it hit the icebox, he said he's gonna kill
But me, I expected it to happen, I knew he'd lost control
Well, he worships at an altar of a stagnant pool
He's sure got a lot of gall
I traveled through East Texas where many martyrs fell
Come 'round, you roving gamblers, and a story I will tell
Well, I don't figure I'll be back there for a spell
Listen to the engine, listen to the bell
And if my love is real
He's taught in his school
Therefore, I remain at my service and go through all my hardship and toil
Well, if I die on top of the hill
Yeah, but if I die on top of the hill
We had a falling-out like lovers often will
National Bank is selling road-maps to the soul
To show that all's equal and that the courts are on the level
But among the dead that were left on the hill
But I didn't pay the Con Ed bill
Ring bar, hard to tell
You find Woody Guthrie in Brooklyn State Hospital
Gather 'round, you people, and a story I will tell
A girl by the whirlpool
Can be seen in the eyes of those that call
And, sure as hell, you're bound to tell
Then why don't she tell
And the National Bank at a profit sells road-maps to the soul
How many seas must the white dove sail
Now, he worships at an altar of a stagnant pool
Let every state in this union seep deep down in your soul
There was a little boy and there was a little girl
And to think of how she left that night it still brings me a chill
How many seas must a white dove sail
A-how does it feel
Two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall
I'll go to some hollow and sit at my still
No man alive will come to you with another tale to tell
They ask me how I feel
I see the trembling lion with lotus flower tail
All and all can only fall
To make all that should be killed to crawl
In the courtroom of honor the judge pounded his gavel
I chased me a woman up the hill
How does it feel
Don't stand in the doorway, don't block up the hall
Because my dreams are made of iron and steel
Just a little glimpse of a story I'll tell
As the last fire-truck from hell
Soul to soul our shadows roll
About a brave, young Indian you should remember well
"Well, I rung the fallout shelter bell
Ring bell, hard to tell
Muttering small talk at the wall
Beneath his boundaries - what more if I can tell
William Zantzinger killed poor Hattie Carroll
With half-damp eyes I stared to the room
And that is that there's a certain way we all must swim
"For you cannot relive them
Well, the chance is against it and the odds are slim
Now, they asked me to read a poem
Mr. Hudson come a-sailing down the stream
There's a white-diamond gloom on the dark side of this room
My pulse is running through my palm, the sharp hills are rising from
The gray-flannel dwarf to scream
You'll look back sometime when the lights grow dim
She speaks good English and she invites you up into her room
You better not chew gum
See for me if she's wearing her coat so warm
Lay down your weary tune, lay down, lay down the song you strum
You drift away on a summer's day where the wildflowers bloom
Now, there's a certain thing that I learned from Jim
But the next time I looked there was light in the room
And remain as I am
But I can hear another drum
With rich, wealthy parents who provide and protect him
Once that the cops have chased after and caught 'em
For I can blow my plum and break my rum
But, with the sea at your feet and the phony false alarm
So, one morning when the sun was warm
And the cops was called in and his weapon took from him
Gypsy gal, the hands of Harlem
But then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the house lights a-did dim
Two eyes took the aim
Moonlight on the water, fisherman's daughter looking in to my room
Here's to the hearts and the hands of the men
Plays wasted words, proves to warn
Stop this weeping, this useless pain
She said that all the railroad men
Well, Frankie Lee, he sat back down, feeling low and mean
'Steada stopping when we could, we went right on
But the second mom was with the seventh son
I can snap my fingers and require the rain
From the fool's gold mouthpiece, the hollow horn
I figure maybe we're even
What with three babies born, the work was cut down
There is a house in New Orleans they call the Rising Sun
From heights that they could not gain
She got such a sweet disposition
I've heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men
But it's hard to think on
I put all my confidence in Him, my sole protection
Just waiting for a chance to slip and drop down
Yet I swear I see my reflection
Suicide remarks are torn
There is a house down in New Orleans they call the Rising Sun
And I hear her name here and there as I go from town to town
Yes, and I just got to thank you once again
Try to steal back your numbness, all your pain
A lonesome freight at six o' eight coming on through the town
Somebody new to beat on
As you sit on the box you keep him in
And the smell of their roses does not remain
He got that fortress on the mountain
If the wind got you sideways with one hand holding on
I will follow your casket on the pale afternoon
Pointed threats, they bluff with scorn
The sea may freeze and the earth may burn
It certainly was possible as the gay night wore on
And she aches just like a woman
The foreign sun, it squints upon
Oh, Howard just pointed with his gun
Well, you fake just like a woman
I can see the day coming when even your home garden
The next morning she had awoken
Have died - have died in battle or in vain
Had no idea what kind of shit was about to go down
But I swear I see my reflection
Well, looking for a woman that ain't got no man
Have died in battle or in vain
How she told me that one day we would meet up again
And the corner sign
My love, she's like some raven
There was an old man and he lived in the moon
Well, the crowd gathered one fine morn
I am hanging in the balance of a perfect, finished plan
She told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain
She picked him up all in her arms and carried him to town
I can hear that hot-blooded singer on the bandstand croon
And I hear her name a-here and there as I go from town to town
Uncle Rat went running downtown
My heart's in the Highlands at the break of dawn
I'll follow your casket on the pale afternoon
But I see through your eyes and I see through your brain
Don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin
In this earthly domain, full of disappointment and pain
And the fire in the air, it felt frozen
And I gaze back to the street, the sidewalk, and the sign
"I can't get down and I shan't get down
I'll be waiting at the station
For the loser now will be later to win
Well, meet me in the middle of the ocean
"Not me," said the gambling man
I wandered again to my home in the mountain
And all their daughters put me down
To remember the times when I was your only man
Darkness at the break of noon
Shall I stay, would it be a sin
And I gaze back to the streets, the sidewalks, and the sign
She takes just like a woman
In the pigpen
You need something to make it known
The ones that jump on the wagon
Will not be understood as they're spoken
I am hanging in the balance of the reality of man
And don't speak too soon for the wheel's still in spin
You didn't trust me for a minute, babe, I've never known the spring to turn
Sold my guitar to the baker's son
And you ache a-just like a woman
And you're so kind and careful not to go to her too soon
Till I gaze back to the streets, the sidewalks, and the sign
I come back to the town from the flaming moon
Poor boy in a red-hot town
I wander around from town to town just like a roving sign
Temptation's not an easy thing, Adam given the devil reign
Out of the shower comes a football man
Come to the door, he couldn't get in
Trying to get a lead on
The number one contender for the middleweight crown
But only twenty-seven lived to walk back down that hill again
Nothing we can call our own
But the post office has been stolen
Have beat out your destruction or your pain
Two-wheeled, gypsy queen
I wish I could write you a melody so plain
To my knowledge there's just one man
You take just like a woman
Advertising signs that con
How many roads must a man walk down
You don't need a weatherman
In the finest of clothing he's constantly seen
Well, I'm hanging on
Please don't let on a-that you knew me when
Are they lost or are they found? Have they counted the cost it'll take to bring down
A-she takes just like a woman
But me, I expected it to happen
"Not me," says the gambling man
Farewell, Angelina, the bells of the crown
As they rode him in custody down to the station
Some beautiful day I'll meet 'em in heaven
But all their daughters put me down
I did a somersault as I seen him get his gun
Number one contender for the middleweight crown
But Eden is burning: either get ready for elimination
Why did you trade heaven
The harmonicas play the skeleton keys in the rain
There was little to say, there was no conversation
Well, I wish that I could write you a melody so plain
Causes Galileo's math book to get thrown
How can the life of such a man
Guns and clubs followed him down
We'll just put some bleachers out in the sun
That long, black train is pulling down
And she wakes just like a woman
Well, Frankie Lee, he panicked. He dropped everything and ran
That long, black train is pulling on down
Yes, and someone must explain
Well, I keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a-rolling in
All lay down their bandanas and complain
If my hands are tied, must I not wonder within
All their daughters put me down
One day he fell in a prospect hole in a roaring, bad design
They bragged about her son with his uniform and gun
But the second mother was with the seventh son
And there's no exit in any direction
In ceremonies of the horsemen
That could ease you and cool you and cease the pain
And the ship's wise men will remind you once again
Ease you and cool you and cease the pain
And some dark night when everything is silent in the town
Their religion of the little ten women
Oh, how can I explain? It's so hard to get on
His clothes are dirty, but his a-hands are clean
For the loser now might be later to win
Must meet the dawn
He just stood there staring at that big house as bright as any sun
Where the home in the valley meets the damp, dirty prison
Billy, don't it make you feel so low-down
But you were closer to me than my next of kin
I wish-I wish-I wish in vain
You could be known as the most beautiful woman
Well, the only thing that makes me laugh again
I don't even care if I ever see her again
Plays wasted words, it proves to warn
His clothes are dirty, but his--his hands are clean
Please don't let on that you knew me when
Hollis Brown, he lived on the outside of town
Well, the funniest woman I ever seen
At the peak of the night the king and the queen
She'll be standing on the bar soon with a fish-head and a harpoon
In the empty lot where the ladies play blindman's bluff with the key-chain
You would not think to look at him, but he was famous long ago
Now, there's a man you'll hear about most anywhere you go
Every place I wanna go
There's nothing you can say or do
When you're lost in the rain in Juarez and it's Easter-time too
Tell 'em--everybody down in old Frisco
It's very nice to stay a week or two
Silvio, I gotta go
Well, it's by and by I'll slip my chains, into the bush I'll go
Oh, baby, but that god that you been praying to
The very last thing that I'd want to do
And ain't in the ones that ain't got any talent but think they do
And the only sound that's left after the ambulances go
Is brought down from the castles by insurance men who go
Well, when all your - all the bandits that you turn your other cheek to
There is a place you go
And the riot squad, they're restless, they need somewhere to go
All I'd like you to do
Oh, if I had a flask of gin and sugar here for two
Now, when all of the bandits that you turned your other cheek to
And a man's gonna do what he has to do
Build me a boat that can carry two
'Cause I don't be like they'd like me to
All I really wanna do
Oh, the shepherd is asleep where the willows weep
And I hear in my head what you say in your sleep
Thinking of you when the sun comes up
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you'll find out when you reach the top
And we met Sergeant Napper and Corporal Vamp
What good am I while you softly weep
And I wait for them to interrupt me drinking from my broken cup
Yes, and how many times must a man look up
Oh, the time will come up when the winds will stop
Wait for them to interrupt me drinking from this broken cup
Now the beach is deserted except for some kelp
And I wait for them to interrupt me drinking from this broken cup
The man in the coon-skin cap
The drunken politician leaps upon the street where mothers weep
How many times must a man look up
Aladdin and his lamp
Man in the coon-skin cap
I walked down there and ended up
Now, for recreation we went on a tramp
Well, the marshal, now, he beat that kid to a bloody pulp
Madame Butterfly, she lulled me to sleep
What's good is bad, what's bad is good, you find out when you reach the top
Make your money while you can before you have to stop
Well, up the stairs ran Frankie Lee with a soulful, bounding leap
With unseen consciousness I possessed in my grip
Alone you stand with nobody near
Seem like every time you turn around there's another hard-luck story that you're gonna hear
But, if you think I'll let Barry Goldwater
When only you are near
Still I say her love-words over
I was down in the sewer with some little lover
The camouflage parrot, he flutters from fear
At any moment you could go under
I could be dreaming, but I keep believing you're the one I'm living for
"The tempest may howl and the loud thunder roar
With a cane that he twirled 'round his diamond ring finger
And Ezra Pound and T.S. Eliot fighting in the captain's tower
When the evening shadows and the stars appear
Well, my Ruthie said come see her
But it's just making me blinder and blinder
When you whispered in my ear
Then you set back and watch when the death-count gets higher
As the tune finally folded, I laid down the guitar
I've been wading through the high, muddy water
I could feel a whole lot better
In one I was running and in another
The lover who has just walked out your door
She could feel my despair as I climbed up her hair
The only thing we knew for sure about Henry Porter
My ship is in the harbor
Still, a man hears what he wants to hear
She took him by his long, yellow hair
The vagabond who's rapping at your door
The water is wide and I cant cross over
But morning is clear
"Forsake, forsake your house carpenter
When the weak and the strong and the rich and the poor
I can't stay in here - ain't it clear
You heard me saying a prayer for
I don't have to go far
His face was all grounded in the cold sidewalk floor
And I don't even think about her
Gonna sleep down in the parlor
For all eternity I think I will remember
"Peace will come with tranquility and the splendor
If I can't come in here, baby, then just let me sit down in your door
I'd just be curious to know if you can see yourself as clear
"Young man, I will tell you a secret: it's true I'm a maid that is poor
You didn't know it, you didn't think it could be done, in the final end he won the war
He didn't know it, he never thought it could be done, but in the final shot he'd won the war
For I am married to a house carpenter
Like criminals they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer
You'd never know it to look at him, but in the final shot he won the war
So sleep with one eye open when you wonder
The face of God will appear
This time tomorrow I'll know you better
"Go tell my companion and children most dear
I can hear your trembling heart beat like a river
I say, "Why you say that for
But she just makes it all too concise and too clear
Still I've always kind of missed her
Were we slandered, babe? Did we follow a star
All you boys better run for cover
Oh, no, I don't need any reminder
You need a cyclone wind on a steam engine howler
Who came here from Cuba's door
And crashed through the window at a hundred miles an hour
Never no more do I wonder
The wind howls like a hammer
Well, the streets--the face of God will soon appear
I close my eyes and I wonder
So, don't fear if you hear
Now, you must provide some answers
To the cutting of fences
You know, this shirt I wear comes from the Philippines
You know, the streets are filled with vipers
And your sun-decked desert and evergreen valleys
How many deaths will it take till he knows
With your silhouette when the sunlight dims
"But," says Arthur, "I wouldn't be proud of your clothes
Six-time losers
I left Rome and landed in Brussels
Where the false idols fall and cruel death surrenders
Well, you never turned around to see the frowns
William Zantzinger, who at twenty-four years
While Calypso-singers laugh at them and fishermen hold flowers
As the curtain is drawn and somebody's eyes
You should be made to wear earphones
And, though the masters make the rules
Plowed furrows of death through the toiling ranks
"I got forty red, white, and blue shoestrings
And the princess and the prince discuss
But still remains
The night aimed shadows through the crossbar windows
She had come away from a broken home, had lots of strange affairs
You think you'll find a heaven of bliss
Rolling, high-and-mighty traps
Where the earth is strung with lovers' pearls
Her window's wide open, African trees
We scarce gave them time to draw their own blades
The ghost of Belle Starr, she hands down her wits
Drinking man listens to the voice he hears
Horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees
To memorizing politics
I have squandered my resistance for a pocketful of mumbles, such are promises
We living in times when men commit crimes
I just make it down to Rose Marie's
The empty-handed painter from your streets
I struggled to my feet, I rode past destruction in the ditches
And without further notice asks you how it feels
And I try to harmonize with songs
Nothing really matters much, it's doom alone that counts
I've been to Babylon and I got to confess
People on the platforms
And I told you as you clawed out my eyes
For the flowers of the city, though breath-like, get death-like sometimes
And so Patty calls the cops
Yes, and how many deaths will it take till he knows
Life is in mirrors, death disappears
Will soon shake your windows and rattle your walls
Thought I'd seen some ups and downs
There was someone on a platform talking to the folks
From the poverty shacks, he looks from the cracks to the tracks
Oh, you never turned around to see the frowns
Oh, the foes will rise with the sleep still in their eyes
Well, the ragman draws circles
Seven days
As the rain rattled heavy on the bunk-house shingles
I decided to flip a coin, like either heads or tails
The cowboy angel rides
Reacted to his deed with a shrug of his shoulders
My last deal gone down, she's smelling sweet like the meadows
Good and bad, I define these terms
I'd forsake them all for your sweet kiss
When your mother sends back all your invitations
In the wild, cathedral evening the rain unraveled tales
And without further notice he asks you how it feels
And every bit of dust in the Oklahoma plains
Sits with Utopian hermit-monks
And I laugh in the face of what sorrow brings
And neither will take it from snappy, young brats
At times I think there are no words
And tells me of her dreams
You been hurt so many times
I was thinking of a series of dreams
Uncle Rat laughed and he shook his fat sides
Strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections
I let it slip gladly to my friends
You come to my eyes like a vision from the skies
Ring them bells from the sanctuaries cross the valleys and streams
I'm gonna let you pass
I can still see the shells falling out of their hands
Statues made of matchsticks
I'll take you to where the green grass grows
Well, Shakespeare, he's in the alley with his pointed shoes and his bells
Renegade priests and treacherous, young witches
With a fantastic collection of stamps
But the cardboard-filled windows and old men on the benches
Joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats
As you stare into the vacuum of his eyes
You put a gun in my hand and you hide from my eyes
That it's you and no one else that owns
And your Spanish manners and your mother's drugs
Drinking man listen to the voice he hears
And your eyes like smoke and your prayers like rhymes
You can fall down on your knees
My money comes and goes and rolls and throws and rolls and flows
You have many contacts all among the lumberjacks
And your father, to your sister he explains
I'd gladly confess
The dead will arise and burst out of your clothes
Six-time users
The morning train was moving, the humming of its wheels
And the poor white remains
You have many contacts out there among the lumberjacks
He's not selling any alibis
In the dimestores and bus-stations
Let us pause in life's pleasures and count its many tears
Well, the ghost of Belle Starr, she hand down her wits
With his faithful slave Pedro behind him he tramps
I try to tell it like it is
Electric light still struck like arrows, fired but for the ones
Ghost of Belle Starr, she hands down her wits
It'll soon shake your windows and rattle your walls
What good am I if I say foolish things
You never turned around to see the frowns
To Jezebel, the nun, she violently knits
And you can't find it either in the no-talent fools
A song will lift as the mainsail shifts
So, when Frankie Lee needed money one day, Judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens
For the flowers of the city, though breath-like, get death-like at times
"Not me," said the man whose fists
Don't follow leaders
Answers of emptiness, voice vacancies
On the back of the fish truck that loads
Machine guns are roaring, puppets heave rocks
Rose Marie, she likes to go to big places
Cinderella, she seems so easy. "It takes one to know one," she smiles
I can't hear the echo of my footsteps
Well, my parents, they warned me not to waste my years
But, though the masters make the rules
And without further notice he tells you how it feels
And ain't in the marshmallow noises or the chocolate-cake voices
You have many contacts among the lumberjacks
We obligingly asked if they wanted recruits
But nothing really matters much, it's doom alone that counts
I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes
Mama, you know, awaits the news
And some of us'll stand to meet you on your crossroads
And then complains
Fortune calls, I step forth from the shadows
Oh, the tree of life is growing where the spirit never dies
Thinking of a series of dreams
"Not me," says the man whose fists
As friends and other strangers
Now all the criminals in their coats and their ties
And inside it with the people made of molasses
So I forced my hands in my pockets and felt with my thumbs
Upon four-legged forest-clouds
Well, now, time passed and now it seems
Girl by the whirlpool's
In the dime-stores and bus-stations
Wants eleven dollar bills
To sharpen the senses
You know that he has no intentions
A bald wig for Jack the Ripper, who sits
But lately I see her ribbons and her bows
Down over the window come the dazzling, sunlit rays
Don't wear sandals
With a big bouquet of the roses
He crosses himself and then he clicks his high heels
People carry roses
They whisper in the wings
Romantic facts of musketeers
More frailer than the flowers, these precious hours
Bald wig for Jack the Ripper, who sits
With your mercury mouth in the missionary times
How can I ever stand it, just to see them two blue eyes
I see a lot of people as I make the rounds
True love can make a blade of grass
Glide across the lonely years
He got an all-girl orchestra and, when he says
You stare into the vacuum of his eyes
Disaster's getting closer at every time we meet
I soon get some rest
One more night I will wait for the light
Till she sees finally that she's a-like all the rest
The slowest now will later be fast
Fifth daughter on the twelfth night
You don't forget
But, if the arrow is straight
Then the shaft was soon shut and more work was cut
Flashing for the refugees on the unarmed road of flight
'Bout armies on the march and time that is short
I think that it's best
Grandma said, "Boy, go and follow your heart
"Oh, no," says the Sergeant, "I'll have no such chat
And he carries a reminder of every blow that's laid him low and cut him till he cried out
How they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms into leaving his post
One day he could just feel the waste, he put it all down and split
Oh, the leaves began to falling and the seas began to part
The kings of Tyrus with their convict list
The slow one now will later be fast
One more night the moon is shining bright
I'm closing the book on the pages and the text
You say, "How are you?", "Good luck", but you don't mean it
That might be all that you got
Keep it in your mind and not forget
To hold each other tight
But, I mean no harm nor put fault
It gets discouraging at times, but I know I'll make it
I walk across the bridge in the dismal light
For sixteen nights and days he raved, but on the seventeenth he burst
Now the undertaker in his midnight suit
No one has any respect, anyway they just expect
Now, all the authorities, they just stand around and boast
Yet you know that there is no answer fit
In the stillness of the midnight
Keep me set apart
Maybe he'll see her once again - how long must he wait
So he never thinks straight
Perhaps it's the color of the sun cut flat
Yes, and how many years can some people exist
For He bought me with a price, freed me from the pit
I think of her often and hope whoever she's met
I'm on the pavement
I'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet
With your pockets well protected at last
And soon the situation there was all but straightened out
Well, I couldn't leave unless the old man chased me out
As a bad motorcycle with the devil in the seat
He really wasn't where it's at
I got into the driver's seat
By the way, that's a cute hat
And, since my feet are now fast
Oh, everybody's got to eat
You used to laugh-make fun about
Eucalyptus trees hang above the street
She felt the heat of the night hit her like a freight
Without any doubt
"Well, if I had the stars of the darkest night
You're hearing my heart beat
But, then again, there's only one I've met
And our choices, they was few so the thought never hit
Oh, time is short and the days are sweet
And the first one now will later be last
Yet you know there is no answer fit
If there's a poor boy on the street, then let him have my seat
And covering the crossroads I'm standing at
Keep it in your mind and don't forget
And I'm left alone in my misery like some old, poor, wandering ghost
You used to laugh about
I met the sons of darkness and the sons of light
Ooh-ah, like a corkscrew to my heart
I'm moving after midnight
Someday, everything is gonna be different
Like a corkscrew to my heart
I don't have the strength to get up and take another shot
'Twas then she felt alone and wished that she'd gone straight
How many years can a mountain exist
Pack up the meat, sweet, we're heading out
Everyone still talks about
A-ten guineas in gold I'll stick in your fist
We can hold up a toast if we meet
How many years can some people exist
For the chains of the sea will have busted in the night
Yes, nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect
I bit into the root of forbidden fruit
You are there in the flickering light
She seems too far out
Every new messenger bringing evil report
Ain't it hard when you discover that
There's some people that
Now, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night
Johnny's in the basement
Plants in the bed, but
And no one has any respect, anyway they just expect
Talking that the heat put
I had my white shorts rolled up past my waist
Our Father would not like the way that you act
There was New York Jake, the butcher's boy, he was always getting tight
The slowest one now will later be fast
Well, the fifth daughter on the twelfth night
We all sit here stranded though we're all doing our best to deny it
Wait for the morning light
God said, "You can do what you want, Abe, but
'Twas then he felt alone and wished that he'd gone straight
And the sea will split and the ships will hit
Countless visions of the other she'd reflect
I can still see the day you came to me on the painted desert
Yes, and how many years can a mountain exist
No one has any respect, anyway they expect
It don't take too long to find out
You were so fine Clark Gable would have fell at your feet
He built a fire on Main Street
In the precious winds they rot
Maybe someday you'll remember what you felt
They tell me to be discreet
I was too young to know you were doing it right
They paved paradise, they put up a parking lot
Do you take me for such a fool to think I'd make contact
Nobody's ever taught you how to live out on the street
All I hear is thunder of two hearts' beat
You're gonna get hit
Well, I finally started thinking straight
Till she sees finally that she's just like all the rest
There's a marching band still playing in that vacant lot
And you think your ears mighta been hurt
Everything is always right
Maybe she'll pick him out again - how long must he wait
Well, I run right down and bought a ticket
How they blackmailed the sergeant-at-arms into getting up and leaving his post
We sit here stranded though we all do our best to deny it
Yet you know there is a-no answer fit
And I said, "Oh, I didn't know that, but then again there's only one I've met
They tell me revenge is sweet
I shook his hand and said goodbye, ran out to the street
Well, early in the morning till late at night
And I, in my armor, turning about
To keep it in your mind and not forget
Oh, the comrades all that I've had, there's none that's left to boast
Didn't I sleep, didn't I weep beside you
Now, when all of the flower-ladies want back what they have lent you
Stick around, baby, we're not through, don't look for me, I'll see you
I'll remember you
I just might have to come see you
And I tell this truth to you
It's just crazy being here with you
To be alone with you
But nobody has any respect, anyway they already expect you
I can be just like you
To protect you and defend you
As he turned away to go, his mother was acting slow
Maybe you will find yourself tomorrow
With your sheet-metal memory of Cannery Row
With only you in view
It only goes to show
Don't it always go to show
They all play on the penny whistle, you can hear them blow
He whispered kind of slow in a voice she didn't know
All along the watchtower princes kept the view
And the Phantom is shouting to skinny girls, "Get outta here if you don't know
He been living there three years now
At midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew
I seen a lot of women but she never escaped my mind and I just grew
And I tell 'em all wherever I may go just so they'll know
Yes, I'd sure like to know
Down every street there's a window
When you played your cards with Willie, you never really knew
Ring them bells for the chosen few
He seen a lotta women, but she never escaped his mind and he just grew
And you'll give it to me now or I'll take it anyhow
I'd sure like to know
I guess I'll be leaving tomorrow
And you'll give it to me now, I'll take it anyhow
Hey, Woody Guthrie, but I know that you know
Well, I'd sure like to know
Now, you're probably wondering by now
Oh, it's rush hour now on the wheel and the plow
And the Phantom shouts to skinny girls, "Get outta here if you don't know
Now, at midnight all the agents and the superhuman crew
No matter what gets in the way and which way the wind does blow
The only one I know
But sooner or later one of us must know
And the little, wee drummer, we flattened his bow
Don't it always a-go to show
He seen a lot of women but she never escaped his mind and he just grew
Between the windows of the sea where lovely mermaids flow
I knew I had to split, but I did not know how
Walking to and fro beneath the moon out to where the trucks are rolling slow
Sooner or later one of us must know
And the Phantom's shouting to skinny girls, "Get outta here if you don't know
Went to the doctor the very next day
Someday everything is gonna be smooth like a rhapsody
A cock is crowing far away
How many times must the cannon balls fly
Is worth more than I could pay
Don't you tell Henry
But please don't mention my lonely cell where I'm gonna pine away
Is there something I can send you to remember me by
But you can never steal away
Tomorrow night will it be just another memory
That I was just a puppet in a play
I followed you beneath the stars, hounded by your memory
For them that think death's honesty
I came to the place where the lone pilgrim lay
I will turn my head up high to that dark and rolling sky
And the only tune my guitar could play
Still, I wish there were something you would do or say
She starts to speak, but he walks away
So I cut off my hair and I rode straight away
That a man can't give his address out to bad company
Take it to your heart, don't let it stray
No, you'll not now or no other day
When I left my home and family, I was no more than a boy
And the Civil War too was soon laid away
Spouted out that liberty
So I run down most hurriedly
There's a pale, drooping maiden who toils her life away
Oh, his face was all shot off and his hands were blown away
"There are no mistakes in life," some people say
But none of these and nothing else can touch the beauty
And for His love they took His life away
Yes, I'm walking down the highway
The Spanish-American War had its day
So I cut off a-my hair and I rode straight away
So they took him to the infirmary
The same thing I would want today
Upon the beach, where hound dogs bay
Haul on the bowline." We sang that melody
I've no right to be here if you've no right to stay
But I wish there was something you would do or say
Well, I saw it advertised one day
That I done it the way
So, I'm walking down your highway
And, dropping a barbell, he points to the sky
He healed the sick and He fed the hungry
Of looking your way, unless it's to say
Maggie says that many say
There's a brand-new gimmick every day
She sheds a tear and then begins to pray
Though I'd never say
And I'm leaving every day to run away
Then the Civil War too was soon laid away
Rita looked offended, but she got out of the way
We carried you in our arms on Independence Day
He made the bells of freedom ring today
Like the red rose of summer that blooms in the day
For them that think death--death's honesty
Fearing not I'd become my enemy
She puts it to me plain as day
Or if you just want some company
If I don't take the chance to try
My mind weaves a symphony
My ears hear a symphony
Yes, I'm walking down your highway
Maybe someday you'll believe me when I say
Still, I wish there was something that you would do or say
I did not do it harmfully
She smiles, walks the other way
Shakespeare, he's in the alley
And it's up to you to say
Yes, call him "Drunken" Ira Hayes, but his land is still as dry
And the ladies treat me kindly
The night is pitch black, come and make my
Oh, whatever makes her happy, I won't stand in the way
He's wearing boxing gloves, he took a dive one day
For them that must obey authority
I laid on the dune, I looked at the sky
Train wheels running through the back of my memory
Now, it don't seem to me quite so funny
I laid on the dune and I looked at the sky
She knocked upon it anyway
I send you all my money
But I can't deny
"Oh, help me in my weakness," I heard the drifter say
Someone to get you flowers constantly
From phony jealousy
Well, I'm walking down the highway
"It's my work," he'd say, "and I do it for pay
We banged the drum slowly
That chilly wind will soon begin and I'll be on my way
Yes, and how many times must the cannon balls fly
I laugh and I cry and I'm haunted by
And that which you've given me today
So I ran down most hurriedly
To those condemned to act accordingly
In a young summer's youth, I stole her away